

--- Page 122 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

2. We were not surprised by their_that the train services would be reduced. 

(state, statement) 

3. The statistics_a change in people's spending habits, (reflect;, reflection) 

4. I'm afraid your driving license is_in Eastern Europe, (valid, invalid) 

5. Twenty-five dollars was_more than he had expected to pay. (considerable, 

considerably) 

6. Direct_between the two langua呂es is not possible, (compare, comparison) 

Section B I 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the wo rds given below. Change the form where necessary. 

i assumption critical represent credible 

i landmark evaluate identify appropriate 

\ 

s 

1. In my opinion, there was no_evidence against him. 

2. Even the smallest baby can_its mother by her voice. 

3. People tend to make_about you based on your appearance. 

4. This new report_the current situation in our schools. 

5. The performance of each employee is_once a year. 

6. We need to ensure that the teaching they receive is_to their needs. 

Section C 

lJ 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. That bit of the form is for UK citizens — it doesn't apply_  you. 

2. Arguments were put_for changing some of the rules of the game. 

3. When judging his performance, don't take his age_account. 

4. He's universally recognized as an authority_Russian affairs. 

5. Just compare the one that has been cleaned_the others. 

6. Education should be relevant__the child's needs. 

no 



--- Page 123 ---

Unit 1 The Power of Language 

醒 Bridging the Gap 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with a word or a phrase that best completes the passage. You may 

choose a suitable one from the list given. 

/ > 
* \ 

i powerful define action tears express | 

: shape internally respond to personal good i 

Language is one of the things that sets us apart as beings, one of the things that essentially 

_1_us as humans. When language is used well it can elicit very deep feeling in 

others, motivate others to 2 and define the nature of our relationships. Sometimes 

in poetry the juxtaposition (并歹ij) of two words or a certain phrase can bring 3_to 

the eyes, call up a whole host of imagery and move us deeply. We have seen language recently 

used in the politics of persuasion, used for 4 or ill — depending on your viewpoint. 

When we use language to_5 our true feelings to someone it can open and deepen 

the connection between us. Language is a very 6 tool. How we use language shapes 

our world both 7 and externally. How you use self-talk — what you say to yourself 

about yourself and about the world directly 8 your experience of both yourself and 

the world. How you deliver communication shapes the way the world 9 you. We 

can use language more effectively in both spheres: internal and external and directly influence 

the health and power of our 10 relationships and our business relationships. 

^^Translation 

Section A 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. Urban planners in practice have to_ 

虑到不同社会群体的利益).(take ... into account) 

烤 

2. _(把近期工作与先前的工作相比较）and you 

will see how much you have improved, (compare ... with ...) 

3. What the witness said in court_(与他对警 

察的陈述不一致)•（be consistent with) 

4. What he said_(与正在处理的事件无关).(be 

relevant to) 

5. _(你的情况有任何改变，请告知我们）when 

you are away from home, (inform ... of...) 

Ill 



--- Page 124 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section B | 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

To become a flexible reader, you need to know how to select and use a reading style that 

is consistent with your purpose for reading. Knowing when and how to use different reading 

styles will make you a flexible reader. Study reading is the reading style used by flexible 

readers when their purpose is to read difficult material at a high level of comprehension. 

When using the study reading style, you should read at a rate that is slower than your normal 

reading rate. Furthermore, as you read you must challenge yourself to understand the material. 

Study reading will often require you to read material more than once to achieve a high level 

of comprehension. Sometimes, reading the material aloud will also help you improve your 

comprehension. 

藝Organizing Your Ideas 

Directions: Put the following sentences in the proper order so that they make a complete 

paragraph. 

1. For instance, the word "kick" can mean many different things depending on how it is 

used in a phrase. 

2. Learning how phrases come together in English will come with continued submersion 

in the language. 

3. On the other hand, you could say, "I get a kick out of that TV show." 

4. This means that you enjoy the TV show, and has nothing to do with striking something 

with a foot. 

5. As you learn the language, focus not only on the words and their meanings, but also on 

the way the words come together to make phrases. 

6. When you say, "He kicked the ball," you are using the word as a verb that means to 

strike the ball with the foot 

Reflecting on the Text 

Some people argue that the purpose of reading is to seek information and gain knowledge 

by memorizing the statements within a text. It is not necessary to develop the ability to read 

critically, since this ability is assumed to be present only in scholars and to be learned in 

academic institutions. Do you agree or disagree with this opinion? Give reasons and examples 

to support yourself. 

112 



--- Page 125 ---

Unit 1 The Power of Language 

rre-reatfing •«csti#its 

1. Are there any words that make you feel confident or diffident? 

2. Do you believe that language can influence people's thought? Give some examples. 

The Language of Confidence 

The language we use programs our brains. Mastering our language gives us a great degree 

of mastery over our lives and our destinies. It is important to use the language in the best way 

possible in order to dramatically improve our quality of life. 

Even the smallest of words can have the deepest effect on our subconscious mind], which 

is like a child, and it doesn't really understand the difference between what really happens and 

what you imagine. It is eager to please and willing to carry out any commands that you give 

it — whether you do this knowingly or not is entirely up to you. 

"Try" 

It is a small word yet it has an amazing impact upon us. If someone says, "I'll try to do 

that" you know that they are not going to be putting their whole heart into it, and may not even 

do it at all. How often do you use the word try when talking about the things that matter to you? 

Do you say "I'll t/y to be more confident" or "I'll f/y to do that" or "I'll f/y to call"? 

Think about something that you would like to achieve, and say it to yourself in two 

different ways. Firstly say, "I'll t/y to ..." and notice how you feel. Next say, "I will do…"and 

see how you feel. 

The latter makes you feel better than the first one, doesn't it? It gives you a sense of 

determination, a feeling that it will be done. Listen to the people around you and when they say 

they will try notice if it gets done or not. Eliminate the word try from your dictionary and see 

how your life improves. 

"Can't" 

This is another small word with a big impact. It disempowers us, makes us feel weak and 

helpless, and damages our self-esteem. It limits our infinite abilities and stifles creativity. Rub it 

out from your internal dictionary and replace it with something that makes you feel great. 

Instead of saying you can% why not say something like "I choose ..." or "\ choose not to . 

Using words like this allows you to take back your power and to be in control of your life. 

113 



--- Page 126 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Words may appear small and insignificant:, yet they can have a deep and lasting effect on 

us. Mastering your language gives you the power to live whatever life you desire. 

What words do you use a lot that disempower you? Make a list of words you commonly 

use and then write next to them some alternatives you can use. Make these alternatives words 

that make you feel fabulous, not only about yourseW, but about life and what you are doing! 

Me 響 Wertfs 

confidence /'konfidans/ n. 

a belief in your own ability to do things and be 

successful自信心；把握 

program /'prsugraem/ v. 

to make a person, an animal, etc. to behave in a 

particular way, so that it happens automatically 训练； 

培养 

mastery /'maistari/ n. 

control or power 控制；驾驭 

destiny /'destsni/ n. 

what happens to somebody or what will happen to 

them in the future, especially things that they cannot 

change or avoid命运；天命；天数 

dramatically /drs'maetikli/ adv. 

suddenly, greatly and often surprisingly 巨大地；惊人 

地；显著地 

quality /'kwobti/ n. 

the standard of something when it is compared to other 

things like it; how good or bad sth is 质量；品质 

subconscious /,SAb'kDnj9s/ adj. 

connected with feelings that influence your behaviour 

even though you are not aware of them 下意识的；潜 

意识的 

please /pliiz/ v. 

to make somebody happy 使满意；使愉快 

command /ks'maind/ n. 

an order given to a person or an animal (给人或云力物 

的）命令 

knowingly /'nsuigli/ adv. 

while knowing the truth or likely result of what you are 

doing故意地；蓄意地 

impact /'impaekt/ n. 

the powerful effect that something has on somebody/ 

something巨大影响；强大作用 

matter /'maetsCr)/ v. 

to be important or have an important effect on 

somebody/something事关紧要；有重大影响 

confident /'konfidont/ adj. 

feeling sure about your own ability to do things and be 

successful自信的；有自信心的 

sense /sens/ n. 

a feeling about something important (对重大事情的） 

感觉，意识 

eliminate /I'limineit/ v. 

to remove or get rid of something/somebody 排除；清 

除；消除 



--- Page 127 ---

Unit 1 Th括 Power of Languag燈 

disempower /,disim'pau9(r)/ v. 

to reduce the amount of control that someone has over 

a situation or over their life 剥夺；使失去权利 

self-esteem /.self I'stiim/ n. 

a feeling of being happy with your own character and 

abilities 自尊（心） 

limit /'limit / v. 

to stop something from increasing beyond a particular 

amount or level 限制；限定 

infinite /'infmot/ adj. 

very great, impossible to measure 极大的；无法衡量的 

stifle /'staifl/ v. 

to prevent something from happening 压制；扼杀；阻止 

creativity /.kriiei'tivati/ n. 

the ability to use your imagination to produce new 

ideas, make things, etc.创造力 

internal /in'tainl/ adj. 

happening or existing in your mind 内心的；头脑中的 

insignificant /,insig'nifik9nt/ adj. 

not big or valuable enough to be considered important 

commonly /'komanli/ adv. 

usually, very often 通常；常常 

微不足道的；无足轻重的 

alternative /oil'tsmstiv/ n. 

a thing that you can choose to do or have out of two or 

fabulous /'faebjsbs/ adj. 

extremely good极好的；绝妙的 

more possibilities可供选择的事物 

Phrases mmA iMpressions 

carry out 

be up to 

to do and complete a task 完成（任务） 

to be for somebody to decide 取决于 

have an impact on/upon 

to have a powerful effect on somebody/ something 对…产生巨大影响 

rub... out 

to remove the marks made by a pencil, etc.用橡皮擦掉（字迹等） 

be in control of 

to direct or manage an organization, an area or a situation 掌管；管理; 

控制 

Key Seiften體©露 

1. It is eager to please and willing to carry out any commands that you give it — whether you 

do this knowingly or not is entirely up to you. 

它渴望取悦，乐意听从你给它的任何命令，而你是有意还是无意地做送些完全取决 

于你。 

2. Make these alternatives words that make you feel fabulous, not only about yourself, but 

about life and what you are doing! 

让送些替代词不仅使你对自己感觉良好，而且使你对生活、对你所做的事情感觉无 

限美好吧！ 

115 



--- Page 128 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

ggfe 

1. The subconscious mind contains thoughts and feelings that a person is not currently aware 

of, but which can easily be brought to consciousness. It exists just below the level of 

consciousness before the unconscious mind. 

iMercises 

藤 Checking Your Comprehension 

I—I 

Section A 

Directions: Read the following statements and mark Y (for Yes) if the statement agrees with the 

information given in the text; N (for No) if the statement contradicts the information given in the 

text; NG (for Not Given) if the information is not given in the text 

( )1. Using our language in the best way is significant for the improvement of our life. 

( )2. We can knowingly make our command carried out without using a word. 

( )3. If we use the word try, we may not make efforts to achieve the things that we want 

to do. 

( )4. We can improve our life by saying the word try in our daily life. 

( )5. We can use a word that makes us feel great to help us feel powerful. 

( ) 6. Though some words may seem small, they can help us do everything we want. 

Section B 

Directions: Complete the following sentences with the information given in the text 

1. _helps us be in control of our lives and destinies. 

2. Any words can have a dramatic influence on_. 

3. When we say 'M will do we will get a sense of_. 

4. Using words like "I choose ..." can help us regain_. 

5. Mastering our language helps us get the power to__. 

6. We can write_next to a list of words we usually use. 

嚷I Building Your Vocabulary 

r 
Section A 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. I can say with _that all our targets have now been met. (confident, 

confidence) 



--- Page 129 ---

Unit 1 The Power of Language 

2. Like so many_people he was never satisfied, (creative, creativity) 

3. A move towards healthy eating could help_heart disease, (eliminate, 

elimination) 

4. Your life changes_when you have a baby, (dramatic, dramatically) 

5. The annual strategic dialogue between China and America is very_for the 

relationship between the two countries, (significant, insignificant) 

6. Having so little money to spend on an apartment does_you in your choice. 

(limit, limitation) 

Section G 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

/...、、' 
I command quality infinite commonly I 

i matter internal please impact i 

\ / 

1. The children_more to her than anything else in the world. 

2. Lung cancer is the most_found cancer in men. 

3. It_her mother that she chose a college close to home. 

4. The city offers a/an_variety of things to do. 

5. He hated being in the army because he had to obey_. 

6. The_of the picture on our television isn't very good. 

Section a 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. Police say that they believe the attacks were carried_by nationalists. 

2. It's_to all of us to try to solve the problems in our neighbourhoods. 

3. The anti-smoking campaign had made quite an impact_young people. 

4. I've been asked to limit my speech_ten minutes maximum. 

5. Dr Marion is the person_control of all medical decisions in the hospital. 

6. He struggled for mastery_his emotions but failed. 

⑩ Translation 

Section A I 

LhhmJ 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. They expect the meeti口g to_(对国家的未来 



--- Page 130 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

产生显著的影响).(have an impact on) 

2.1 know you don't think that this project is important;,_ 

(但这对我很重要).(matter) 

3. There were some violence after the match,_ 

(但是没过多久警方就控制住了局势).（in control of) 

4. I'm afraid_(除了让你走，我别无选择)•（no 

alternative but) 

5. _(经理会作最终决定)！ (be up to) 

Section 接 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

English plays an important role in the workplace and when used in the correct and 

appropriate manner, it can help boost a career or a business. Some may need or want to 

study business English before they start their careers. Those who are already working have the 

opportunity to see what they can and cannot do effectively in English in their current job. 

A valuable skill to have in business is how to negotiate. You need to know what you 

want, as well as how to bargain and make concessions. Being able to deal with a conflict and 

knowing how to end negotiations can make a big difference to the outcome. 

Workplace English learning will encourage professional and efficient communication, 

which translates as good service to customers and business partners or suppliers, which can 

only be a positive for any business. 

哼Writing 
Section A I 

P~****j 

L-g 

Directions: The following sentences are grammatically incorrect or incoherent. Improve them. 

Example: 

Revision: 

The captaiji, as well as the other players, were tired. 

The captain, as well as the other players, was tired. 

1. When dipped in mustard, Sam said the sausage was excellent. 

2. A Frenchman murdered two wives he didn't like their cooking. 

3. Annie's dress was old, faded, and it had wrinkles. 

4. The need for jobs will make us develop our industries. It causes environmental 

problems. 

5. My new running shoes fell apart during the marathon which cost more than a hundred 

dollars. 



--- Page 131 ---

Unit 1 The Power of ImvQU减g聰 

Section B_j 

Directions: Read the following paragraph carefully. Cross out two sentences that do not help to 

develop the controlling idea. 

Philip Randolph, the great African-American champion of labour and civil rights, led 

confrontations with three very popular presidents. Mr. Randolph called for a march on 

Washington by thousands of African-Americans on July 1, 1941, if President Roosevelt would 

not take action to end discrimination in defense industries during World War II. Mr. Randolph 

was born in Florida. After much delay, the president met with Randolph, and one week 

later opened many defense jobs to black workers. A few years later, in 1948, Mr. Randolph 

threatened mass civil disobedience if President Truman did not end segregation against 

African-Americans in the military. On July 26, Truman approved the order that integrated 

the armed services. The last confrontation was with John Kennedy, who sought to stop the 

1963 civil rights march on Washington. The march featured the Reverend Martin Luther King's 

unforgettable "I Have a Dream" speech. 

Section C 

Directions: Write a short essay with a clear central idea and effective development in about 150 

words. You should base your writing on the following situation and give consideration to the 

unity, coherence and variety of each paragraph. 

It is reported that many young people prefer to work rather than continue 

their education. They think a person without higher education could also 

get a decent job. If you were faced with the choice between starting a job 

and continuing education, what would you do? 

119 



--- Page 132 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Building up Your Vocabulary (1) — Practice, Practice, Practice 

Having a large vocabulary is basic to learning any language, and it is especially true in 

English. Learning a word won't help much if you promptly forget it. Research shows that it takes 

from 10 to 20 repetitions to really make a word part of your vocabulary. Here are some tips for 

building up your vocabulary. 

♦ Reading is a very good way to learn new words. Most words are learned from the 

context. 

♦ It helps to write the word — both the definition and a sentence you make up using the 

word. 

♦ As soon as you learn a new word, start using index cards that can later be reviewed. 

♦ It helps to review your index cards periodically to see if you have forgotten any of your 

new words. 

How many English words can you learn per day? 

10 English words or phrases per day aren't too many, are they? Just give it a try. You will 

find that you can learn them in next to no time. 、 

So why not take a little time each day (Monday to Friday) to learn 10 new words? Use the 

weekend to revise what you have learned during the past week(s). This way you'll enrich your 

English vocabulary by 50 new words per week. (That's 200 new English words per month!) 

120 



--- Page 133 ---

Mistakes to Success 

Success is going from failure to failure without losing 

your enthusiasm. 

成功就是经历一次又一次失败后，热倩依旧。 

-温斯顿•丘吉尔 

——Winston Churchill 

Winston Churchill (1874-1965), British Conservative politician 

and statesman known for his leadership of the United Kingdom during 

the Second World War. Widely regarded as one of the greatest wartime 

leaders of the century, he served as Prime Minister twice. He is the only 

British Prime Minister to have received the Nobel Prize in Literature. 



--- Page 134 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

.誦 

Speaking Activity 

mmmm 

挪‘“ 

:嚴’ 

Giving Compliments 

Sample 

Read the following conversation. Pay attention to how the speakers give compliments. 

Jenny: I absolutely love what you're wearing today. 

Steve: You do? I just bought this outfit a couple of days ago. 

Jenny: Seriously, it looks really nice on you. Where did you buy it? 

Steve: I bought it from the Macy's at the Santa Anita mall. 

Jenny: I really like that outfit. 

Steve: Thanks. I think you look nice today, too. 

Jenny: Thank you. I just bought these new shoes earlier today. 

Steve: Those are nice. What are they? 

Jenny: These are some Chucks. 

Steve: Those are great. How much were they? 

Jenny: I got them for forty. 

Steve: 1 think I might go and find me my own pair of Chucks. 

©Hi纏e禮 Practice 

Directions: Give your neighbour a compliment about how he/she looks in a newly purchased 

outfit. Use your own information. You may use the following tips to help you. 

I absolutely love ... 

Seriously, it looks really nice on you. 

I really like ... 

I think you look nice today. 

Those are nice (great). 

122 



--- Page 135 ---

Unit 2 Mistakes 化 Success 

Text A 

'W 

y H种立肿I姑川a ■ 

誦度琐斯耶衝 镶誦幽麵幽 

Pre-reading 鑛關©stilus 

1. Did you make any mistakes on your way to success? Give some examples. 

2. Do you believe that making mistakes is a necessary ingredient for success? Explain. 

Spilt Milk 

Have you heard of the story about spilt milk? Well, we all know there is no use crying over 

spilt milk\ But this story is different. I would hope all parents would respond in this manner. 

I recently heard a story about a famous research scientist who had made several very 

important medical breakthroughs. He was interviewed by a newspaper reporter who asked him 

why he was so much more creative than the average person; what set him so far apart from 

others? 

He responded that, in his opinion, it all came from an experience with his mother that 

occurred when he was about two years old. He had been trying to remove a bottle of milk from 

the refrigerator when he lost his grip on the slippery bottle and it fell, spilling its contents all 

over the kitchen floor — a veritable sea of milk! 

When his mother came into the kitchen, instead of yelling at him, giving him a lecture, 

or punishing him, she said, "Robert, what a great and wonderful mess you have made! I have 

rarely seen such a huge puddle of milk. Well, the damage has already been done. Would you 

like to get down and play in the milk for a few minutes before we clean it up?" 

Indeed, he did. After a few minutes, his mother said, "You know, Robert, whenever you 

make a mess like this, eventually you have to clean it up and restore everything to its proper 

order. So, how would you like to do that? We could use a sponge, a towel, or a mop. Which do 

you prefer?" He chose the sponge and together they cleaned up the spilt milk. 

His mother then said, "You know, what we have here is a failed experiment in how to 

effectively carry a big milk bottle with two tiny hands. Let's go out in the back yard and fill the 

bottle with water and see if you can discover a way to carry it without dropping it." The little 

boy learned that if he grasped the bottle at the top near the lip with both hands, he could carry 

it without dropping it. What a wonderful lesson! 

The renowned scientist remarked that it was at that moment that he knew he didn't need 

to be afraid to make mistakes. Instead, he learned that mistakes were just opportunities for 

123 



--- Page 136 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

learning something new, which is, after all, what scientific experiments are all about. Even if the 

experiment "doesn't work," we usually learn something valuable from it. 

Wouldn't it be great if all parents would respond the way Robert's mother responded to 

him? 

Mew W®rds 

spill /spil/ V. 

(especially of liquid) to flow over the edge of a 

container by accident (使）洒出，泼出，溢出 

respond /ri'spond/ v. 

to do something as a reaction to something that 

somebody has said or done 作出反应；口向应 

interview /'intsvju:/ v. 

to ask somebody questions about their life, opinions, 

etc., especially on the radio or television or for a 

newspaper or magazine (媒体）采访，访问 

creative /kri'eitiv/ adj. 

involving the use of skill and the imagination to 

produce something new or a work of art 创造（性）的； 

创作的 

occur /s'ksiCr)/ v. 

to happen发生；出现 

remove /ri'muiv/ v. 

to take something/somebody away from a place 移开； 

拿开；去掉 

refrigerator /ri'frid39reito(r)/ n. 

a piece of electrical equipment in which food is kept 

cold so that it stays fresh 冰箱 

grip /grip/ n. 

an act of holding somebody/something tightly 紧握； 

紧抓 

slippery /'slipari/ adj. 

difficult to hold or to stand or move on, because it is 

smooth, wet or polished滑的；滑得抓不住（或站不稳、 

难W行走）的 

content /'kontent/ n. 

the things that are contained in something 戶斤容纳之物； 

所含之物 

veritable /'verit^bl/ adj. 

a word used to emphasize that somebody/something 

yell /jel/ i；. 

can be compared to somebody/something else that is 

more exciting, more impressive, etc.十足的；名畐ij其 

实的；不折不扣的 

to shout loudly, for example because you are angry, 

excited, frightened or in pain 叫喊；大喊；吼叫 

lecture /'lektJaCr)/ n. 

a long angry talk that somebody gives to one person or 

a group of people because they have done something 

wrong (冗长的）教训，训斥，谴责 

124 



--- Page 137 ---

mess /mes/ n. 

rarely /'re9li/ adv. 

puddle /'pAdl/ n. 

Unit 2 Mistakes to Success 

a dirty or untidy state航脏；杂乱；不整洁 

not very often罕有；很少；不常 

a small amount of water or other liquid, especially rain, 

that has collected in one place on the ground 水法； 

小水坑 

eventually /I'ventjuali/ adv. 

at the end of a period of time or a series of events 最后； 

终于 

restore /ri'sto:(r)/ v. 

to bring somebody/something back to a former 

condition, place or position使复原；使复位；使复职 

sponge /spAnd3/ n. 

a piece of artificial or natural material that is soft and 

light and full of holes and can hold water easily, used 

for washing or cleaning 海绵块 

effectively /I'fektivli/ adv. 

in a way that produces the intended result or a 

successful result 有效地 

tiny /'taini/ adj. 

very small in size or amount 极小的；微小的 

discover /dis'kAvaCr)/ v. 

to find out about something or information about 

grasp /graisp/ v. 

lip /lip/ n. 

something 了解到；认识到；查明 

to take a firm hold of somebody/something 抓紧；抓牢 

the edge of a container or a hollow place in the 

ground (容器或凹陷地方的）边，边沿 

renowned /ri'naund/ adj. 

famous and respected有名的；闻名的；受尊敬的 

remark /ri'maik/ v. 

to say or write a comment about something/ 

somebody谈论；评论 

opportunity /,Dp9'tju:n9ti/ n. 

a time when a particular situation makes it possible to 

do or achieve something 机会；时机 

scientific /.saian'tifik/ adj. 

connected with science科学（上）的；关于科学的 

valuable /'vaeljuabl/ adj. 

very useful or important很有用的；很重要的：宝贵的 

Pit rases mwA Ewgirmmimm 

in this manner in the way in which something is done or happens 用这辛中方式 

set... apart from to make somebody/something different from or better than others 区另ij;使 

与众不同 

Keif Sentences 

1. He had been trying to remove a bottle of milk from the refrigerator when he lost his grip on 

the slippery bottle and it fell, spilling its contents all over the kitchen floor — a veritable sea 

of milk! 

125 



--- Page 138 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

他试图从冰箱里取出一瓶牛奶，却没有抓住光滑的瓶子，瓶子掉了，牛奶洒得厨房满 

地都是——白花花的一片。 

2. Instead, he learned that mistakes were just opportunities for learning something new, which 

is, after all, what scientific experiments are all about. 

相反，他认识到错误正是学习新东西的机会，毕竟任何科学实验都是如此。 

1. There/It is no use crying over spilt milk. It is pointless to repine when it is too late to remedy 

the misfortune. 

Checking Your Comprehension 

匿驚 er®ises 

Directions: Choose the best answer to each question from the information given in the passage. 

1. This is a story about a famous research scientist who_. 

A) looked smarter than the average person 

B) was an unordinary boy when he was young 

C) became well-known after an interview 

D) achieved great success in the medical field 

2. Why did he get the milk spilt all over the kitchen floor? 

A) He failed to remove the bottle and it fell. 

B) He was too young to carry the heavy bottle. 

C) He had no confidence in taking the bottle. 

D) He loosed his grip on the bottle deliberately. 

3. How did his mother respond to his mistake? 

A) She punished him by making him clean the kitchen. 

B) She shouted to stop him from doing anything. 

C) She allowed him to play in the milk first. 

D) She taught him how to carry the bo行le immediately. 

4. Hie mother and the son went out in the back yard to_• 

A) find some water to clean the bottle 

B) find a way to carry the bo村le effectively 

C) search for another bottle to hold the milk 

D) see how to fill the bottle without dropping it 



--- Page 139 ---

5. It is stated in the passage that mistakes give chances to 

Unit 2 Mistakes to Success 

A) know the truth clearly 

B) learn something new 

C) do some experiments 

D) teach a child a lesson 

Building Your Vocabulary 

r~i 

Section A I 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. This system could deliver services to local communities more_. (effective, 

effectively) 

2. His comments sparked an angry_from dissatisfied customers, (respond, 

response) 

3. Checks are made to_whether applicants have a criminal record, (discover, 

discovery) 

4. If any of these symptoms_while you are taking the medicine, consult your 

doctor immediately, (occur, occurrence) 

5. The museum is full of_and precious treasures, (rare, rarely) 

6. Do you agree with the use of animals in_experiments? (science, scientific) 

Section B I 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

restore interview remove opportunity 

eventually content renowned remark 

1. The men came to_the rubbish from the backyard. 

2. She sees the bar as a starting point and_plans to run her own chain of country 

inns. 

3. The job pays well, but there's not much_for career advancement. 

4. The program includes a performance by the_Berlin Orchestra. 

5. Who is the most famous person you've ever_on TV? 

6. The judges_on the high standard of entries for the competition. 

127 



--- Page 140 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section C 1 

iaawa 泌twJB 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. The police respond_emergencies in just a few minutes. 

2. I can tolerate this rudeness only_far and no further. 

3. After a week in bed, she was fully restored_health. 

4. People often remark_how alike John and Malcolm look. 

5. Things had been done_the same manner for centuries. 

6. The region is renowned_its outstanding natural beauty. 

巧.Bridging the Gap 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with a word or a phrase that best completes the passage. You may 

choose a suitable one from the list given. 

/...\ 
\ without fear under unavoidable so that | 

i success reach wisely as long as between i 

Lots of people don't dare to make mistakes. They 1 that they will be 

ridiculed or blamed by others. They fear that they will lose their money and belongings or be 

_2_a lot of stress. But risks are 3_and they do pave the way you must 

tread upon towards 4 . Have you ever heard of someone who achieves success 

5_making any mistakes before? 

So it is only natural that making mistakes in your effort to 6 your dreams is 

considered a must, and you shouldn't worry about that as you may get a lot of advantages out 

of your mistakes. By making mistakes at least you then can distinguish_7_the correct 

and the incorrect portions of what you did. Anthony D'Angelo said: "In order to succeed you 

must fail, 8 you know what to do the next time", and Robert Louis Stevenson even 

went to the extreme as to say: "Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in 

good spirits." 

You needn't worry about anything 9 you keep on going by 10 

learning from your mistakes and trying even harder. 

128 

