

--- Page 142 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

3. Failure is never the end of the road, but only the beginning of something potentially 

better. 

4. Perhaps someone you've been dating suddenly breaks things off, and you meet someone 

ten times more wonderful. 

5. There's always something to learn, ways to grow, different viewpoints to explore, and 

new opportunities waiting just around the corner. 

6. Don't view failure as bad luck; instead, look at each attempt to reach your goals as a 

triumph. 

货;Reflecting on the Text 

As a popular old saying goes, "Mistakes are the mother of success". Some people firmly 

believe that mistakes are an important part of any striving cycle. Henry Ford famously said, "I 

don't make mistakes; I learn too much from them." What can mistakes teach us? How can we 

learn from mistakes so as to achieve success? Give reasons and examples to support yourself. 

伊r®"r輸a遽ing纖ties讀靈 

1. Have you ever been wrongly blamed by your parents? How did you feel at that moment? 

2. What suggestions would you give to the parents who are blinded to their children's merits? 

The Cake 

Cindy glanced nervously at the clock on the kitchen wall. Five minutes before midnight. 

"They should be home any time now," she thought as she put the finishing touches on 

the chocolate cake she was frosting. It was the first time in her 12 years she had tried to make 

a cake from scratch, and to be honest, it wasn't exactly an aesthetic triumph. The cake was ... 

well, lumpy. And the frosting was bitter, as if she had run out of sugar or something, which, of 

course, she had. 

And then there was the way the kitchen looked. Imagine a huge blender filled with all the 

fixings for chocolate cake — including the requisite bowls, pans and utensils. Now imagine that 

the blender is turned on. High speed. With the lid off. Do you get the idea? 

130 



--- Page 143 ---

Unit 2 Mistakes to Success 

But Cindy wasn't thinking about the mess. She had created something, a veritable 

phoenix! of and sugar rising out of the kitchen clutter. She was anxious for her parents to 

return home from their date so she could present her anniversary gift to them. She turned off 

the kitchen lights and waited excitedly in the darkness. When at last she saw the flash of the car 

headlights, she positioned herself in the kitchen doorway. By the time she heard the key sliding 

into the front door, she was THIS CLOSE to exploding. 

Her parents tried to slip in quietly, but Cindy would have none of that. She flipped on the 

lights dramatically and trumpeted: "Ta-daaa!" She gestured grandly toward the kitchen table, 

where a slightly off-balance two-layer chocolate cake awaited their inspection. 

But her mother's eyes never made it all the way to the table. "Just look at this mess!" she 

moaned. "How many times have I talked to you about cleaning up after yourself?" 

"But Mom, I was only ..." 

"I should make you clean this up right now, but I'm too tired to stay up with you to make 

sure you get it done right," her mother said. "So you'll do it first thing in the morning." 

"Honey," Cindy's father interjected gently, "take a look at the table." 

"I know — it's a mess," his wife said coldly. "The whole kitchen is a disaster, i can't stand 

to look at it." She stormed up the stairs and into her room, slamming the door shut behind her. 

For a few moments Cindy and her father stood silently, neither one knowing what to say. 

At last she looked up at him, her eyes moist and red. "She never saw the cake," she said. 

Unfortunately, Cindy's mother isn't the only parent who suffers from Situational 

Timbercular Glaucoma — the occasional inability to see the forest for the trees. From time to 

time we all allow ourselves to be blinded to issues of long-term significance by stuff that seems 

awfully important right now, but isn't. Muddy shoes, lost lunch money and messy kitchens are 

troublesome, and they deserve their place among life's frustrations. But what's a little mud — 

even on new carpet — compared to a child's self-esteem? Is a lost dollar more valuable than a 

youngster's emerging dignity? And while kitchen sanitation is important, is it worth the sacrifice 

of tender feelings and relationships? 

I'm not saying that our children don't need to learn responsibility, or to occasionally suffer 

the painful consequences of their own bad choices. Those lessons are vital, and need to be 

carefully taught. But as parents, we must never forget that we're not just teaching lessons — 

we're teaching children. That means there are times when we really need to see the mess in the 

kitchen, and times when we only need to see the cake. 

131 



--- Page 144 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

glance /glams/ u. 

to look quickly at something/somebody 瞥一眼；匆匆 

—看；扫视 

touch /tAtJ/ n. 

a small detail that is added to something in order to 

improve it or make it complete 修饰；润色；装点 

frost /frost/ v. 

to cover a cake with icing/frosting 给（糕饼）覆上糖霜 

aesthetic /i:s'0etik/ adj. 

concerned with beauty and art and the understanding 

of beautiful things审美的；有审美观点的；美学的 

triumph /'traiamf/ n. 

a great success, achievement or victory 巨大成功；伟 

大胜利 

lumpy /'lAmpi/ adj. 

full of lumps多块状物的；为块状物覆盖的 

frosting /'frostig/ n. 

a sweet mixture of sugar and water, milk, butter or egg 

white that is used to cover and decorate cakes 糖霜（用 

W装饰糕饼等） 

blender /'blendsCr)/ n. 

an electric machine for mixing soft food or liquid (电 

动）食物攒拌器 

fixings /'fiksigz/ n. 

[pi.] {AmE) the extra things that it is traditional to have 

for a special meal or occasion (菜肴的）配料 

requisite /'rekwizit/ adj. 

necessary for a particular purpose 必需的；必备的； 

必不可少的 

utensil /jui'tensl/ n. 

a tool that is used in the house (家庭）用具，器皿 

phoenix /'fiiniks/ n. 

(in stories) a magic bird that lives for several hundred 

years before burning itself and then being born again 

from its ashes (传说中的）凤凰，长生鸟 

clutter Z'klAtaCr)/ n. 

a lot of things in an untidy state, especially things that 

are not necessary or are not being used 杂舌L的东西（尤 

指不需要的或无用的）；杂舌L 

present /pri'zent/ v. 

to give something to somebody, especially formally at a 

ceremony把…交给；颁发；授予 

anniversary /.aeni'vaisari/ n. 

a date that is an exact number of years after the date of 

an important or special event 周年拿己念曰 

flash /flaej/ n. 

a sudden bright light that shines for a moment and then 

disappears闪光；闪耀 

position /pa'zijn/ v. 

to put somebody/something in a particular position 安 

装；安置；使处于 

slide /slaid/ v. 

to move quickly and quietly, for example in order not to 

be noticed; to make something move in this way (使） 

快捷而悄声地移动 

132 



--- Page 145 ---

Unit 2 Mistakes to Success 

explode /ik'spbud/ v. 

to suddenly express an emotion 突然爆发，迸发（感情） 

slip /slip/ V. 

to go somewhere quickly and quietly, especially 

without being noticed 悄悄疾行；溜 

flip /flip/ V. 

to press a button or switch in order to turn a machine, 

etc. on or off按（开关）；按（按钮） 

trumpet /'trAmpit/ v. 

to play a trumpet发出哪日八声 

gesture /'dsestJoCr)/ v. 

to move your hands, head, face, etc. as a way of 

expressing what you mean or want 做手势；用手势表示 

grandly /'graendli/ adv. 

in a way that tries to impress other people or make them 

feel admiration but often does not 骄傲地；自负地 

slightly /'slaitli/ adv. 

a little略微；稍微 

off-balance /,Df 'baebns/ adj. 

in an unsteady position and likely to fall 不平衡的；不 

稳定的 

layer /'lei9(r)/ n. 

a quantity or thickness of something that lies over a 

surface or between surfaces 层；表层 

inspection /in'spekjn/ n. 

the act of looking closely at something/somebody, 

especially to check that everything is as it should be 检 

查；查看；审视 

moan /maun/ v. 

to complain about something in a way that other people 

find annoying 抱怨 

interject /.mts'dsekt/ v. 

to interrupt what somebody is saying with your opinion 

or a remark打断（别人的讲话）；插话 

gently /'d3entli/ adv. 

in a gentle way温柔地；温和地；和缓地 

disaster / di'zaistaCr)/ n. 

something that is very bad or a failure, especially when 

this is very annoying or disappointing 灾难；不幸；彻 

底失败 

storm /stoim/ v. 

to go somewhere quickly and in an angry, noisy 

way气呼呼地疾走 

slam /slaem/ v. 

to shut, or to make something shut, with a lot of force, 

making a loud noise (使…）砰地关上 

silently /'sailantli/ adv. 

without making any or much sound 悄梢地；静静地 

moist /moist/ adj. 

suffer /'sAfaW/ v. 

slightly wet微湿的：湿润的 

to be badly affected by a disease, pain, sadness, a lack 

of something, etc.(因疾病、痛苦、悲伤等）受苦，受 

难，受折磨 

occasional /9'kei39nl/ adj. 

happening or done sometimes but not often 偶然的； 

临时的 

issue /'iju:/ n. 

an important topic that people are discussing or arguing 

133 



--- Page 146 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

significance /sig'nifikans/ n. 

the importance of something, especially when this has 

about重要议题；争论的问题 

an effect on what happens in the future (尤指对将来有 

影响的）重要性，意义 

stuff /stAf/ n. 

used to refer to a substance, material, group of objects, 

etc. when you do not know the name, when the name 

is not important or when it is obvious what you are 

talking about (事物名称不详、无关紧要或所指事物明 

显时用）东西，物品，玩意儿 

awfully /'Difli/ adv. 

very; extremely 非常；极其 

troublesome /'trAblssm/ adj. 

causing trouble, pain, etc. over a long period of 

time令人烦恼的；令人痛苦的 

deserve /di'zsiv/ v. 

if somebody/something deserves something, it is right 

that they should have it, because of the way they have 

behaved or because of what they are 值得；应得；应受 

frustration /frA'streiJn/ n. 

something that causes you to feel frustrated 令人懊丧 

(或懊恼、沮丧）的事物 

carpet /'kaipit/ n. 

a thick woven material made of wool etc. for covering 

emerge /i'm3：d3/ v. 

to start to exist 露头；显现 

floors or stairs 地稷 

dignity /'dignati/ n. 

a sense of your own importance and value 自豪；自尊； 

自重 

sanitation /.sasni'teijn/ n. 

conditions and processes of keeping places clean and 

hygienic环境卫生 

sacrifice /'saekrifais/ n. 

the fact of giving up something important or valuable 

to you in order to get or do something that seems more 

important牺牲；舍弃 

tender /'tendaCr)/ adj. 

easily hurt or damaged易损坏的；纤弱的；脆弱的 

responsibility /ri.sponsa'bibti/ n. 

a duty to deal with or take care of somebody/something, 

so that you may be blamed if something goes wrong 责 

任；负责 

occasionally /3乂6巧nsli/ adv. 

sometimes but not often 偶然；偶尔；有时候 

consequence /'konsikwsns/ n. 

a result of something that has happened 结果；后果 

Phrases antf lMpressi®iis 
from scratch from the very beginning, not using any of the work done earlier 从头开始; 

从零开始 

run out of to use up or finish a supply of something 用完；耗尽 

stay up to go to bed later than usual 熬夜 

134 



--- Page 147 ---

Unit 2 Mistakes to Success 

隱猴曹Sentences 

1. when at last she saw the flash of the car headlights, she positioned herself in the kitchen 

doorway. By the time she heard the key sliding into the front door, she was THIS CLOSE to 

exploding. 

终于，她看到汽车头灯在闪亮，她在厨房口□站定。当听到钥匙插进口锁的声音时， 

她的心几乎要棚出来了！ 

2. From time to time we all allow ourselves to be blinded to issues of long-term significance by 

stuff that seems awfully important right now, but isn't. 

由于那些眼下貌似极其重要但并非重要的事情，我们有时会对具有长远重要意义的事 

情视而不见。 

Mmtem 

1. A phoenix is a mythical bird with a colorful plumage and a tail of gold and scarlet. It has a 

500 to 1,000 year life-cycle, near the end of which it builds itself a nest of twigs that then 

ignites; both nest and bird burn fiercely and are reduced to ashes, from which a new, young 

phoenix or phoenix egg arises, reborn anew to live again. 

Checking Your Comprehension 

iMercises 

Section A」 
Directions: Read the following statements and mark Y (for Yes) if the statement agrees with the 

information given in the text; N (for No) if the statement contradicts the information given in the 

text; NG (for Not Given) if the information is not given in the text 

( )1. Cindy made a delicious fruit cake all by herself the first time in her 12 years. 

( )2. Cindy worried a lot about the mess even though she had created something. 

( )3. Her parents failed to slip in quietly for Cindy would give them a surprise. 

( )4. Her mother didn't notice the cake because she only focused on the mess in the 

kitchen. 

( )5. All parents are suffering from Situational Timbercular Glaucoma all the time. 

( ) 6. A little mud even on new carpet doesn't ma村er much compared to a child's self¬ 

esteem. 



--- Page 148 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section B | 

ffiMKOKMiai 

Directions: Complete the following sentences with the information given in the text. 

1. After Cindy finished her cake, the kitchen looked_. 

2. Cindy was excitedly waiting for her parents so as to present_to them. 

3. Her mother never looked at the cake on the table but_. 

4. Her father stood wordlessly because he didn't know__. 

5. Parents may sometimes permit themselves to be unaware of issues of_ 

6. Parents should always remember that they are_. 

©Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. I'm_upset that she forgot my birthday, (slight, slightly) 

2. He needed surgery to cure a_back injury, (trouble, troublesome) 

3. Steven used to visit him for the_ days and weekends, (occasional, 

occasionally) 

4. The documents are available for public_. (inspect, inspection) 

5. Last month's bad weather was _for the crop failure, (responsible, 

responsibility) 

6. Despite all my efforts, my carefully planned party turned out to be a complete 

_. (disaster, disastrous) 

Section □ 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

significance deserve issue glance 

frustration present emerge awfully 

1. The mayor_him with a gold medal at an official city reception. 

2. I could sense his_at not being able to help. 

3. It's a/an_long time since we last saw each other. 

4. Chris_our special thanks for all his efforts. 

5. Ideas about the social_of religion have changed over time. 

6. Could you_through this letter and see if it's alright? 

136 



--- Page 149 ---

Unit 2 Mi摄tak燈绞 1:0 Success 

Section C 
L 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. Well have to do the whole thing again_scratch. 

2. Conditions are ge行ing worse and supplies are running_. 

3. The children exploded_giggles when seeing the clown. 

4. He tried to use his own weight to push the attacker off but he was 

balance. 

5.1 used to stay_late with my mom and watch movies. 

6. The discovery of the new drug is_great significance for people. 

托. Translation 

r 
Section A 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. _(她扫视了房间）to see who was there. 

(glance) 

2. He made no answer but walked on,_(示 

意我跟上).(gesture) 

3. _ (—旦把纸正确装入)，the printer should 

print with no problems, (position) 

4. Is it right for the Church to_(就政治问题发 

表看法)？ (issue) 

5. _(把医疗物资送达这个地区非常重要).（it is vital) 

Section B j 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

There are several key abilities that allow successful people to fail forward instead of 

taking each setback personally. First, successful people don't blame themselves when they fail. 

They take responsibility for each setback, but they don't take the failure personally. Second, 

successful people don't define themselves by individual failures. They recognize that each 

setback is a small part of the whole. Third, achievers are willing to vary their approaches to 

problems. That's important in every walk of life. If one approach doesn't work for you, if it 

brings repeated failure, then try something else. To fail forward, you must do what works for 

you, not necessarily what works for other people. Finally, successful people are resilient. They 

don't let one error keep them down. They learn from their mistakes and move on. 

137 



--- Page 150 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

礎 Writing 
Section A I 
&_J 

Directions: The following sentences are grammatically incorrect or incoherent Improve them. 

Example: 

Perhaps one in every seven deaths in Europe's crowded cities 

were caused by the diseas 

Revision: 

Perhaps one in every seven deaths in Europe's crowded cities 

was caused by the disease. 

1. Sir Humphry Davy was an excellent literary critic as well as being a great scientist. 

2. Roger plays with rabbits but also hunts them. This is one reason why Roger likes rabbits. 

3. Hanging by their tails from the branches, the children gazed at the monkeys. 

4. Last night I had my first taste of sake (曰本清酒).It is a Japanese beverage made from rice. 

5. John Wayne was the biggest box-office attraction of his time who appeared in over 200 

movies. 

Section E~\ 

Directions: Supply a topic sentence for the following paragraph. 

__.A good starting point is 口 arrowing down 

the type of car you want or need. Be realistic. You may envision yourself cruising around town 

in a little convertible, but that won't leave much room for the kids and dogs. Once you've 

se村led on the basic vehicle, do some research to find out which vehicles have good reliability 

ratings. The Internet and books can help you pick out the high maintenance turkeys. The next 

step is finding the model you are looking for. Used car lots will give you an idea of price, 

but they can be expensive and full of used car salesmen. Check your local paper, car buyers' 

magazines and the Internet. When you finally track down what looks good, arrange to have 

your mechanic inspect it. Never omit this step. After your mechanic gives the car the OK, all 

that's left is to haggle over the price. 

138 



--- Page 151 ---

Unit 2 Mistakes to Success 

Section C 

mummaam 

Directions: Write a short essay with a clear central idea and effective development in about 150 

words. You should base your writing on the following situation and give consideration to the 

unity, coherence and variety of each paragraph. 

The annual English Speech Contest in Beijing is coming! This year, 

the topic is The Most Important Way to Success. You, as a promising 

candidate, should write out your speech to make your idea clear. Please 

strive for your best performance to achieve your success in the contest 

Best wishes for you. 

Tips for English Learning 

m:. 

Building up Your Vocabulary (2) — Use the Context 

Having a large vocabulary is basic to learning any language, and it is especially true in 

English. Reading is a very good way to learn new words. So is doing puzzles or playing different 

kinds of word games. Most vocabulary words are learned from the context. The more words 

you're exposed to, the better vocabulary you will have. While you read, pay close attention to 

the words you don't know. First, try to figure out their meanings from the context. Then look 

the words up. Read and listen to challenging material so that you'll be exposed to many new 

words. 

139 



--- Page 152 ---



--- Page 153 ---

Friendship and Loyalty 

Betraying a trust is a very quick and painful way to 

terminate a friendship. 

—Ralph Waldo Emerson 

背信弃义会使人迅速而痛苦地断送友谊。 

—拉尔夫•沃尔多•爱默生 

馨产..- '占雌祖崎扔.手補jfi 

Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882), American essayist, lecturer, 

and poet, who led the Transcendentalist Movement of the mid-19th 

century. 



--- Page 154 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

ft Speaking Activity 

Making，Accepting and Refusing an Invitation 

Sample Wimimmmm 

Read the following conversation. Pay attention to how the speakers make, accept or refuse an 

invitation. 

Steve: Would you like to go out to dinner tonight, Jenny? 

Jenny: That would be very nice. Have you got anywhere particular in mind? 

Steve: I was wondering if you'd like to go to that new Japanese restaurant that's opened 

on Elm Avenue. 

Jenny: I'd rather go somewhere else, if you don't mind. I really don't feel like that ... all 

that raw fish. 

Steve: What about going to a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown? 

Jenny: I'd like that very much. What sort of time? 

Steve: Shall we make it 6:00 in front of the library? 

Jenny: 6:00 in front of the library. Yes, that's fine. 

Steve: Good. That'll give me a chance to take any library books back before we meet. 

See you later. 

Cnitfed Practice 

Directions: You want to invite Professor Bob Harris who has just arrived from Great Britain to 

give lectures on the issue of environmental protection. Make a phone call, and you may refer to 

the following tips. 

Would you like to ..J 

Would you be interested in ...? 

I was wondering if you'd like to ... 

It would be very nice if you could ... 

We'd like that... 

Shall we make it...? 

Are you free to ...? 

Why don't you ... ? 

That sounds very nice. Thank you. 

142 



--- Page 155 ---

Unit 3 Friendship and Loyalty 

Yes, that would be lovely/marvelous. Thank you. 

That's very kind of you, but I'm afraid ... 

I'd love to, but I'm sorry I can't. 

Thank you for the invitation. 

I hate to turn you down, but I don't really think I can. 

I appreciate you广 invitation, but I'm afraid I can't. 

mre-wrnmmrnm mmmstimrns 

1. Do you believe that loyal friends are available on the Internet? 

2. What personal qualities matter most in your choice of friends? And why? 

Reflections: Friendship and Loyalty 

How many of us recognize true loyalty in a friend? Loyalty consists of a friend, who will 

stick by you, through thick and thin. A friend who is always honest with you and never betrays 

the friendship with lies is a loyal friend. If you have a loyal friend, you have indeed found a true 

virtue in that friend. 

The current trend on the Internet is befriending anyone who requests to be your friend. 

However, this new trend may lead to disasters. It may be popular and trendy to have a network 

filled with a multitude of mutual friends. However, one true loyal friend may be the only friend 

you need. 

A term used on the popular Facebook^ site is This acronym means best friends 

forever. Are they really your best friends forever? You might ask yourself this question, "Will they 

share my private matters with others on the pages of Facebook, or perish the thought, engage in 

gossip about me with others?" If the answer to that is, "I don't know", more than likely, they will 

not be your best friends forever. Maybe not, even for a day. 

I choose to have a a best loyal friend, for those of you who may be challenged by 

the use of acronyms during this age of technology and fast-talking. 

Loyalty found in a friend is akin to making a deposit in a bank account. More often than 

not, your deposits gain interest, an interest in your well-being and welfare. A loyal friend attracts 

143 



--- Page 156 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

another loyal friend. In essence, water does seek its own level. 

If you were a B.L.F. way before Facebook gained notoriety, then I'm sure you understand 

the premise of loyalty in a friend. You should never exploit your B.L.F. to gain more friends or 

make yourself seem more important to others. These are not the traits of a best loyal friend. 

A best loyal friend does not care who is invited to your party. They will attend your 

party and celebrate you, just in the way a best loyal friend should do. 

Reconnecting with a best loyal friend is easier to do on the pages of Facebook. However, 

a virtual friend does not assure you of his loyalty. My caution to you is that you'd be村er pay 

attention to the smiling faces on the Facebook pages. In the eighties we were warned of smiling 

faces in a song, which contained these lyrics, "A smile is just a frown turned upside down, my 

friend."2 Now, that is the undisputed truth for my generation. 

圆©言¥巧補s 

reflection /ri'flekjn/ n. 

your written or spoken thoughts about a particular 

subject or topic (关于某主题的）思考，回忆 

loyalty /I。口Iti/ n. 

the quality of being faithful in your support of 

somebody/something忠诚；忠实；忠心耿耿 

recognize /'rekagnaiz/ v. 

to admit or to be aware that something exists or is 

true承认；意识到 

betray /bi'trei/ v. 

to hurt somebody who trusts you, especially by not 

being loyal or faithful to them 辜负；对…不忠 

indeed /in'diid/ adv. 

used to add information to a statement 其实；实际上 

virtue /'vsitjui/ n. 

behaviour or attitudes that show high moral 

standards高尚的道德；正直的品性；德行 

trend /trend/ n. 

a general direction in which a situation is changing or 

developing趋势；趋向；倾向；动态；动向 - 

befriend /bi'frend/ v. 

to become a friend of somebody, especially somebody 

who needs your help做（尤指需要帮助者的）朋友； 

友善相待 

request /ri'kwest/ v. 

to ask for something or ask somebody to do something in 

a polite or formal way (礼貌或正式地）请求，要求 

trendy /'trendi/ adj. 

very fashionable时毫的；赶时擊的 

multitude /'mAltitjuid/ n. 

an extremely large number of things or people 众多； 

大量 

mutual /'mjuitjusl/ adj. 

shared by two or more people 共有的；共同的 

term /tsim/ n. 

a word or phrase used as the name of something, 

144 



--- Page 157 ---

Unit 3 Fri授ndshi料 and Loyalty 

especially one connected with a particular type of 

language词语；术语；措辞 

site /salt/ n. 

a place on the Internet where a company, an 

organization, a university, etc. puts information 网立占； 

站点 

acronym /'aekranim/ n. 

a word formed from the first letters of the words that 

perish /'penj/ v. 

thought /GoIt/ n. 

make up the name of something 首字母缩略词 

to be lost or destroyed 丧失；理灭；毁灭 

something that you think of or remember 想法；看法； 

主意；记'区 

gossip /'gosip/ n. 

a conversation about other people and their private 

lives流言辈语 

challenge /'tjaebnds/ v. 

to test somebody's ability and skills, especially in an 

interesting way考查…的能力；考验…的技巧 

akin /s'kin/ adj. 

similar to相似的；类似的 

deposit /di'pDZit/ n. 

a sum of money that is paid into a bank account 存款 

account /s'kaunt/ n. 

an arrangement that somebody has with a bank, etc. to 

keep money there, take some out, etc.贝长户 

interest /'intrast/ n. 

the extra money that you pay back when you borrow 

money or that you receive when you invest money 利息 

well-being /'welbiiir)/ n. 

general health and happiness 健康；安乐；康乐 

welfare /'welfeaCrV n. 

the general health, happiness and safety of a person, an 

animal or a group (个体或群体的）幸福，安全与健康 

essence /'esns/ n. 

the most important quality or feature of something, that 

makes it what it is本质；实质；精髓 

seek /silk/ v. 

to look for something/somebody 寻找 

notoriety /.n^uts'raiati/ n. 

fame for being bad in some way 恶名;坏名声 

premise /'premis/ n. 

a statement or an idea that forms the basis for a 

reasonable line of argument 前提；假定 

exploit /ik'spbit/ v. 

to treat a person or situation as an opportunity to gain 

an advantage for yourself利用（…为自己谋利） 

reconnect /.riika'nekt/ v. 

to connect somebody again 再联系；再联络 

virtual /'vsitjual/ adj. 

made to appear to exist by the use of computer 

software, for example on the Internet (通过计算机软 

件，如在因特网上）模拟的，虚拟的 

assure /s'JuaCr)/ v. 

to tell somebody that something is definitely true or is 

definitely going to happen, especially when they have 

doubts about it使确信；向• ••保证 

145 



--- Page 158 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

caution /'koijn/ n. a warning or a piece of advice about a possible danger 

or risk警告；告诫 

lyric /'link/  n. 

the words of a song 歌词 

undisputed 

/.Andi'spjuitid/ adj. 

that cannot be questioned or proved to be false; that 

cannot be disputed不容置疑的；毫无疑问的；不可争 

辩的 

generation 

/,d3en9'reijn/ n. 

all the people who were born at about the same 

time (统称）一代人，同代人，同辈人 

Phrases and Expressions 

stick by 

to be loyal to a person and support them, especially in a difficult 

situation坚持忠于；不离不弃（某人） 

through thick and thin 

in spite of any difficulties or problems 不畏艰难险阻 

lead to 

a multitude of 

to have something as a result 导致，造成（后果） 

an extremely large number of (things or people)众多的；大量的 

perish the thought 

used to say that you find a suggestion unacceptable or that you hope 

engage in 

to take part in something; to make somebody take part in 

that something will never happen 蛋想了；但愿不会如此 

in essence 

used when talking about the most basic and important part of 

something (使）从事，参加 

assure... of... 

pay attention to 

warn ... of... 

something relating to the most important characteristics or ideas of 

something本质上 

to make somebody certain about something 使放心；向...保证 

to take any notice of 注意 

to tell somebody about something, especially something dangerous or 

unpleasant that is likely to happen, so that they can avoid it 警告某人 

某事 

眶e覃 

1. Will they share my private matters with others on the pages of Facebook, or perish the 

thought, engage in gossip about me with others? 

他们会将我的私事发布在脸谱网页上与他人分享吗？甚至与他人一起八卦我的隐私 

吗？但愿永远不会。 

2. In essence, water does seek its own level. 

本质上，水自然会向下流——朋友间总是慢慢相惜。 

146 



--- Page 159 ---

Unit 3 Friendship and Loyalty 

1. Facebook is a social networking service and website launched in February 2004. As of 

December 2011, Facebook has about 845 million active users. Users must register before 

using the site, after which they may create a personal profile, add other users as friends, and 

exchange messages. 

2. The lyrics "A smile is just a frown turned upside down, my friend" are from a soul song, 

"Smiling Faces Sometimes", written by Norman Whitfield and Barrett Strong, which deals 

with the subject matter of "back-stabbing" friends who do their friends wrong behind their 

backs. 

Checking Your Comprehension 

^ 

Directions: Choose the best answer to each question from the information given in the passage. 

1. According to the passage, what is the new trend on the Internet? 

A) To make friends with anybody. 

B) To get reconnected with old friends. 

C) To search friends' private matters. 

D) To seek loyal Net-friends. 

2. In the passage, loyalty in a friend is compared to 

A) interest gained from deposits 

B) making deposits in one's account 

C) a person's total welfare 

D) a best friend's well-being 

3. As a B.LF, you cannot_. 

A) avoid gossiping about friends 

B) take advantage of friends 

C) invite others to your party 

D) seek loyalty in best friends 

4. In the last paragraph, the author suggests that readers 

A) be alert to smiling faces on the web pages 

B) reconnect with former loyal friends 

C) recall meaningful lyrics in old songs 

D) pay attention to smiles on friends' faces 

147 



--- Page 160 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

5. What is the passage mainly about? 

A) The trend of making friends on the Internet. 

B) The reflections on friends and loyalty. 

C) The introduction of a friendmaking website. 

D) The contrast between B.F.F. and B.LF^ 

m Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A I 
Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the proper form of the words given 

in the brackets. 

1. He glanced briefly towards her but there was no sign of_. (recognize, 

recognition) 

2. After long_we decided to purchase the house, (reflect, reflection) 

3. For years General Motors (CM) was the_giant of the world's car industry. 

(disputed, undisputed) 

4. We can't conclude that the frequent transfer from one job to another undermines 

_. (loyal, loyalty) 

5. Vitamins are_to the proper nourishment of the body, (essential, essentially) 

6. They answered with_that it was against the rules, (assure, assurance) 

Section B 

% 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where 口ecewa/y. 

request challenge seek exploit 

mutual premise generation virtue 

1. Legal advice should be_before you take any further action. 

2. All club members are_to attend the annual meeting. 

3. The company is ready to meet the_of the next few years. 

4.1 hope we can at least agree to disagree in a spirit of J_respect. 

5. Sometimes we need to remind ourselves that thankfulness is indeed a_ 

6. Each_has its own standards of judgment. 

148 

