

--- Page 162 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

《累 Translation 

I— 

Section A I 

g -« 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. Eve口 in prison, he_(继续从事犯罪活动). 

(engage in) 

2. People should read the related regulations before they_ 

_(在开采自然资源之前).(exploit) 

3. You_if you want to take any photographs 

(必须申请获准).(request) 

4. She felt rather guilty for she_(辜负了父母 

对她的信任).(betray) 

5. Such a mistake would perhaps_(导致严重 

的后果).(lead to) < 

Section B ! 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

It's so easy to take good friends for granted. Like a comfortable pair of gloves, old friends 

wear well. But friendships that suffer from busyness and over-familiarity can't afford to be 

neglected too long. They need renewal. If you want and need to keep true friendship alive and 

well, please, consider and think over a list of the most important qualities. Probably it will help 

you to understand why you and your best friend haven't called up for ages, why you're getting 

embarrassed while being asked "Whom are you going to have fun with this weekend?" You 

may neglect your intimate friends from time to time, but if you fail to cultivate these qualities — 

loyalty, forgiveness, honesty, and dedication — you can't expect to keep true friends. 

蠻Organizing Your Ideas 

Directions: Put the following sentences in the proper order so that they make a complete 

paragraph. 

1. Best friends, in a way, have the highest loyalty towards each other, because they always 

have each other's back no matter what it is. 

2. From the start of a friendship, there is a little bit of loyalty to your newly acquired friend. 

3. In a way, there are levels of loyalty, the way I see it. 

4. As it does become a closer friendship, the level of trust changes a bit. 

150 



--- Page 163 ---

5. You want to build a bond of trust so that friendship can become better. 

6. You are relied on more, and you start to be there for your friend. 

Unit 3 Friendship and Loyalty 

参 Reflecting on the Text 

With the wide spread of information technology, the number of Internet-surfers has been 

sharply increasing, and they get used to doing a multitude of things online, such as reading, 

studying, shopping and even making friends. Some of them think that they can find true friends 

online, while others believe vice versa. Do you believe that virtual friends can be loyal and real 

friends? Give reasons to support your argument. 

論齡w誦礁m場働mm 

1. Why do many people choose to keep dogs as pets instead of other animals? 

2. Why do you think a growing number of Chinese, especially the elderly, prefer to keep pets? 

A Tribute to the Dog 

The best friend a man has in this world may turn against him and become his enemy. His 

son or daughter whom he has reared with loving care may prove ungrateful. Those who are 

nearest and dearest to us, those whom we trust with our happiness and our good name, may 

become traitors to their faith. 

The money that a man has he may lose. It flies away from him, perhaps when he needs it 

most. A man's reputation may be sacrificed in a moment of ill-considered action. The people 

who are prone to fall on their knees to do us honor when success is with us may be the first 

to throw the stone of malice when failure settles its cloud upon our heads. The one absolute, 

unselfish friend a man may have in this selfish world, the one that never deserts him, the one 

that never proves ungrateful or treacherous, is his dog. 

A man's dog stands by him in prosperity and in poverty, in health and in sickness. He will 

sleep on the cold ground when the wintry winds blow and the snow drives fiercely, if only he 

can be near his master's side. He will kiss the hand that has no food to offer. He will lick the 

sores and wounds that come in the encounter with the roughness of the world. He guards the 

sleep of his pauper master as if he were a prince. 

151 



--- Page 164 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

When all other friends desert, he remains. When riches take wings and reputation falls 

to pieces, he is as constant in his love as the sun in its journey through the heavens. If fortune 

drives the master forth, an outcast in the world, friendless and homeless, the faithful dog asks 

no higher privilege than that of accompanying him to guard him against danger, to fight against 

his enemies. And when the last scene of all comes and death takes its master in its embrace and 

the body is laid away in the cold 呂round, no matter if all other friends pursue their way, there, 

by his graveside will the noble dog be found, his head between his paws, his eyes sad but open 

in alert watchfulness faithful and true even to death. 

tribute /'tnbjuit/ n. 

an act, a statement or a gift that is intended to show 

your respect or admiration, especially for a dead 

person (尤指对死者的）致敬；悼念；吊唁礼物 

rear /ri9(r)/ v. 

to care for young children or animals until they are fully 

grown抚养；养育；培养 

ungrateful /An'greitfl/ adj. 

not showing or expressing thanks for something that 

somebody has done for you or given to you 不领情的； 

忘恩负义的 

traitor /'treitaCr)/ n. 

a person who gives away secrets about their friends, 

their country, etc.背叛者；叛徒；卖国贼 

faith /fei0/ n. 

trust in somebody's ability or knowledge; trust 

that somebody/something will do what has been 

promised信任；相信；信心 

reputation /.repju'teijn/ n. 

the opinion that people have about what somebody/ 

something is like, based on what has happened in the 

past名誉；名声 

prone /praun/ adj. 

likely to suffer from something or to do something 

bad易于发生某事的；很可能…的 

malice /'maelis/ n. 

a feeling of hatred for somebody that causes a desire to 

harm them恶意；怨恨 

settle /'setl/ v. 

to put something carefully in a position so that it does 

not move把…放好；安放 

absolute /'aebsaluit/ adj. 

definite and without any doubt or confusion 肯定的； 

unselfish /An'selfiJ/ adj. 

giving more time or importance to other people's needs, 

无疑的；明确的 

wishes, etc. than to your own 无私的；忘我的；不谋 

私利的 

152 



--- Page 165 ---

Unit 3 Friendship and Loyalty 

selfish /'selfiJV adj. 

caring only about yourself rather than about other 

people自私的 

desert /di'zait/ v. 

to leave somebody without help or support 抛弃，离 

弃，遗弃（某人） 

treacherous /'tretjaras/ adj. 

that cannot be trusted; intending to harm you 不可信 

任的；背叛的；奸诈的 

prosperity /pro'spersti/ n. 

the state of being successful, especially in making 

money兴枉；繁荣；成功；昌盛 

poverty /'povati/ n. 

the state of being poor 贫穷；贫困 

sickness /'siknas/ n. 

illness; bad health 疾病；不健康 

wintry /'wintri/ adj. 

typical of winter; cold 冬天的；寒冷的 

fiercely /'fissli / adv. 

in a physically fierce manner 猛烈地 

lick /Ilk/ V. 

to move your tongue over the surface of something in 

order to eat it, make it wet or clean it 廊 

sore /soi(r)/ n. 

a painful, often red, place on your body where there is 

a wound or an infection 痛处；伤处；疮 

wound /wuind/ n. 

mental or emotional pain caused by something 

unpleasant that has been said or done to you ( '0灵上 

的）伤，创伤 

roughness /'rAfnis/ n. 

difficult and unpleasant conditions 艰辛；艰难 

guard /gaid/ v. 

to protect property, places or people from attack or 

danger警卫；守卫；保卫 

pauper /'poip9(r)/ n. 

a very poor person穷人；贫民；乞丐 

constant /'konstant/ adj. 

that does not change不变的；固定的；恒定的 

journey /'d33：ni/ n. 

an act of travelling from one place to another, especially 

when they are far apart (尤指长途）旅行，行程 

heaven /'hevn/ n. 

the heavens [pi.] the sky 天空 

outcast /'autkaist/ n. 

a person who is not accepted by other people and who 

sometimes has to leave their home and friends 被抛弃 

者；被排斥者 

friendless /'frendlss/ adj. 

without any friends 没有朋友的 

homeless /'haumlas/ adj. 

having no home 无家的 

faithful /'feiGfl/ adj. 

staying with or supporting a particular person, 

organization or belief 忠实的；忠诚的 

privilege /'priv9lid3/ n. 

a special right or advantage that a particular person or 

呂roup of people has特殊利益；优惠待遇 

accompany /s'kAmpani/ v. 

to travel or go somewhere with somebody 陪同；陪伴 

153 



--- Page 166 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

scene /siin/ n. 

an event or a situation that you see, especially one of a 

particular type事件；场面；情景 

embrace /im'breis/ n. 

the action of putting your arms around somebody as a 

sign of love and friendship 拥抱 

pursue /pa'sju:/ v. 

to do something or try to achieve something over a 

period of time追求；室文力于 

paw /po:/ n. 

alert /a'lait/ adj. 

the foot of an animal that has claws or nails (动物的）爪 

able to think quickly; quick to notice things 警觉的； 

watchfulness /'wotjflnss/ n. 

the state of being watchful 警惕 

警惕的；戒备的 

turn against 

be prone to 

stand by 

take wings 

fail to pieces 

Phrases mmM 气纖si®ns 

to stop or make somebody stop being friendly towards somebody 背叛 

to be likely to suffer from something or to do something bad 易于 

to help somebody or be friends with them, even in difficult situations 支持； 

帮助；忠于 

to fly away 飞走 

to stop working properly; to be destroyed 崩溃；倒塌；解体 

麗€冒懲mmrn誦em 

1. The people who are prone to fall on their knees to do us honor when success is with us may 

be the first to throw the stone of malice when failure settles its cloud upon our heads. 

当我们功成名就，一些人卑躬屈膝极力讨好；当失败的阴云笼罩在我们的头顶，那些 

人又可能最先对我们落井下石。 

2. When riches take wings and reputation falls to pieces, he is as constant in his love as the sun 

in its journey through the heavens. 

当主人家财四散、名誉扫地，它对主人的忠诚热爱仍宛如日升日落，宣古不变。 

Exercises 

Checking Your Comprehensi ion 

Section A 

Directions: Read the following statements and mark Y (for Yes) if the statement agrees with the 

informatJon given in the text; N (for No) if the statement contradicts the information given in the 

text; NG (for Not Given) if the information is not given in the text 

()1. The best friend a man has may be disloyal to him. 

()2. The money a man has may fly away when he needs it. 



--- Page 167 ---

Unit 3 Friend恐flip and Loyalty 

( )3. When severe winter sets in, the dog won't stand by its owner. 

( ) 4. A pet owner must be nice to his pet, hoping that the pet keeps his company 

forever. 

( ) 5. A dog will retreat when it encounters tough difficulties. 

( )6. When the owner becomes poor and his fame is ruined, the dog's love remains 

constant just like sunrise and sunset. 

Section B 

Directions: Complete the following sentences with the information given in the text 

1. A son or daughter brought up with great care may turn out to be_. 

2. Those people we are faithful to may betray_. 

3. When a person commits a mistake on purpose, his good fame may be_. 

4. A man's dog will stick by him whenever he is in_. 

5. When the poor owner sleeps, the dog will tend to him as if he were_. 

6. If the owner unfortunately becomes friendless and homeless, the dog prefers to enjoy 

the right to_. 

Building Your Vocabulary 

Section 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the proper form of the words given 

in the brackets. 

1. Many people spend little time in_of physical fitness, (pursue, pursuit) 

2. His_old dog accompanied him everywhere he went, (faith, faithful) 

3. At any time, don't feel sad for a(n)_man. (grateful, ungrateful) 

4. Often they are competing_with fellow Spaniards for contracts, (fierce, 

fiercely) 

5. The war was followed by a long period of peace and_. (prosperous, 

prosperity) 

6. The service at the famous hotel failed to live up to its_. (repute, reputation) 

155 



--- Page 168 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

r—I 
Section B I 
Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

i privilege prone poverty alert i 
i constant scene desert unselfish i 

1. Senior managers enjoy certain _, such as company cars and private 

healthcare. 

2. Japanese consumers also remain_to saving, not spending, as the recession 

deepens. 

3. In Africa, for example,_has actually risen over the past decade. 

4. Although he's over eighty his mind is still remarkably_. 

5. The terrible_was engraved on his memory. 

6. The police are looking for the woman who_her children. 

Section C 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. How can you stand_and let him treat his dog like that? 

2. The survey made by scientists shows that kids are all prone_ 

eat junk food 

3. By no means would people turn_their motherland. 

4. My younger sister requested me to accompany her_the airport. 

5. Do you believe Bob remained faithful_his principles to the last? 

6. It always takes the class a while to settle_at the start of the lesson. 

©Translation 

Section A 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. Experience proves that_；_(家是重整旗鼓最好 

的地方).(lick your wounds) 

2. I dread the coming exams._(要是我有时间 

复习功课多好啊).(if only) 

3. Tourists need to _(对旅游风险保持警惕）in 

the north of the country, (be alert to) 

156 



--- Page 169 ---

Unit 3 Friendship and Loyalty 

4. At the conference, the CEO announced that senior managers_ 

_(享有一定的特权).(privilege) 

5. Since the election, this meeting_(将成为 

政党领袖间的首次会晤).(encounter) 

Section u 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

Now, your idea of a good friend is still the person who gives you the better of the 

two choices, holds your hand when you're scared, helps you fight off those who try to take 

advantage of you, thinks of you at times when you are not there, reminds you of what you have 

forgotten, helps you put the past behind you, but understands when you need to hold on to it 

a little longer, stays with you so that you have confidence, goes out of their way to make time 

for you, helps you clear up your mistakes, helps you deal with pressure from others, helps you 

become a better person, and most importantly loves you! 

© Writing 

Section 

Directions: The following sentences are grammatically incorrect or incoherent. Improve them. 

1. He spread a rumor that the president was going to resign, led to a great confusion in 

that country. 

2. If leaving alone on a desert island, what would you do first? 

3. Do you still remember those days when we spent in Hong Kong last year? 

4. All their belongings, together with the remains of torn-up newspapers, lies scattered 

over the carpets. 

5. It seems that more and more of my friends are facing great challenges in his lives. 

157 



--- Page 170 ---

英语（二）自学教程 
Section B I 

luammmmm 

Directiom: Read the following paragraph carefully. Cross out two sentences that do not help to 

develop the controlling idea. 

My little niece, a ten-month-old baby, is the most lovely child 1 have ever seen. Her 

brother usually babysits her in his spare time. Her face is like a red apple and her eyes are like 

bright stars. When you carry her in your arms, she likes to put her arms around your neck. All 

the grown-ups in the family love her very much and often try to make her smile. But quite often 

it is she who makes us laugh. Her father likes to take photos when she smiles. Once I winked at 

her and she smiled. When I did it again, she watched me attentively. Then she tried to imitate. 

While I closed one eye to wink, she had to close both eyes at the same time, and then quickly 

opened them again. And that was her way to wink. We all burst into laughter. When we looked 

at her again, she was staring at us, puzzled, as if she were asking, "What are you laughing at?" 

We all love this gorgeous, cute little baby. 

Section C I 

Directions: Write a short essay with a clear central idea and effective development in about 150 

words. You should base your writing on the following situation and give consideration to the 

unity, coherence and variety of each paragraph. 

Your best friend Teddy asks you to help him cheat on an English exam. You 

must say no to him but Justify yourself by showing what is true friendship. 

Don't worry. He can surely accept your opinion because he will know the true 

meaning of friendship. 

158 



--- Page 171 ---

Unit 3 Friendship and Loyalty 

p Tips for 匿nglish Learning 

Building up Your Vocabulary (3) — Make Vocabulary Webs 

Rather than studying a long list of unrelated vocabulary, use specific vocabulary lists to 

help you prepare for the type of vocabulary you need for work, school or hobbies. Try to always 

learn vocabulary in groups of words instead of random lists. In this manner, words are related to 

each other and are more likely to be remembered over the long-term. 

My job My Family 

Me 

My Childhood My Interests 

My Howe 

Vocabulary webs 

You may want to relate a new word to the words you already know. For example, the word 

gigantic (very large) has a similar meaning to the words big, huge, large, etc. You could make a 

sequence: small, medium, large, very large, gigantic. List as many things as you can that could 

be considered gigantic. 

159 



--- Page 172 ---

林 

豁 
細V.，^.’’V.,.,，沿心.‘•气，恣喘1鑛麵I强苦确餐-准钟r • ..;,鴻戊 

.....i却\ 本.......S真' 

刀 
——，.、‘纖錢麵賠靡.t驚'馬擊. 

:取矿..1鄉谦細聲%<..婷P费y與轉，.澡和加.聲朗批教寺巧I 

’ •矣.资絲读辕誤減总龄《势专游鱗冷I娘f;命I:.篆巧?喊扣4., 

,減鎖論轉纖嚴曲雜暴撫細徽編M...苗 
i勺 
趴. '，簿纖累鑛證敲錢纖输^^^:滅磯纖類鄰鑛爲游ij騎敵.若 

||矜1|辩^||1^^;馨纖嚷|翁沾鶴錢^縣|1幽踰磯^'魄输論敏總：:—"' 
茲i繞铅' 游把* 

噓義萬齡祿織 
曝; 
Hi、雜養 
装亩  歷纖’ 
^^^1»^11^雖觀縱,,‘:，資 
萨沪、 
驗®矜费‘..縣聲皆-.斗、的’’.’心所 '1’，-. •^’.‘1..苗： • f 

、K邸娜纖歌，巧 
r巧如足' .裸罐ar 

鳴苗9’.^絲麟難;3 

:卷带说 

游 

、朵 

:一 I-H 

睽玲 觀讚辞艇;寺诗节獄分节巧-為唉岭聲峨如,4^珠輯冷為* fj! blow won fc骑&1奶冷Jfi0w ysm uoY 

I'f： 

mm 

影知: 歴苗猜鑛挈。亏 

齡暴.锅掷，巧滯.'兵纖鮮:纖巧.沪.’.听;、心…r.呼.'巧>.4、‘ V舞 
乂-  纖  :i 

诚少’、，，.i,'4峰巧与 
沪;吟定:.订；...广'. 
再A '-屯! fi,' . .*、;..,1'.'、.,' 一* ； 

.吗^专山 
•:J^;半户 T.f 

你'、瓜 WM,,** •; 

V 

•兴 #•. 

拆；... 
誤,,.一互讓' 

..#M'，叫;.7.骇娘或•: W.,巧媒， 

.奔,W, 

•术、3’ 

編''W^： 

献;‘‘‘y•，‘•"兴男巧巧级心f，>^， 

怎.，..亂•，山V.I:..:;.二、.：赫 

終1^謂罐if醒戀K 
.,怒滅.:績I為: 备^式聯V; ^..."’.r心.，‘知品‘如f ' 

如巧b‘•号爲;吟* ^-ijr: 

-心、j、S一-.， 

扛;茫的•l'‘-心^'’l亦 

；<V* **■• '■：'*- :'.••如 一;；•i 嗦:.'、%:.’， 

•W, 

，.希，户占一 

M..V’心！ |::致.’’' 

却’’誓聲韻難讀签:鴻祭鱗倘费 

、诚:濟转寒‘，藏P每識;取擊^槪;％.-社 

尸•場接，& >可...‘1柳:，別恥苗公 

.冲 

纖終踞盛寒層节源苗:'.；....!.v縫' 

啦 

■f) 

I媒£始油，'片/溢&茲 

她;纖星赫 



--- Page 173 ---

The Joy of Work 

Labour is often the father of pleasure, 

—Frangois-Marie Arouet (Voltaire) 

勤劳常是快乐之源。 

弗朗索瓦-马利•阿鲁埃(伏尔泰) 

Frangois-Marie Arouet (Voltaire) (1694—1778), French poet, 

dramatist, historian, and philosopher. He was an outspoken and 

aggressive enemy of every injustice, especially of religious intolerance. 

His works are an outstanding embodiment of the principles of the 

French Enlightenment. 



--- Page 174 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Speaking Activity 

Showing Concern 

Saiiipi© 讓i讓togiie 

Read the following conversation. Pay attention to how one speaker shows concern to the other. 

Ted: Why didn't you go to school yesterday? 

David: i stayed home because I wasn't feeling well. 

Ted: What was your problem? 

David: My stomach was bothering me. 

Ted: Are you feeling any better? 

David: I'm still feeling a little sick. 

Ted: I'm going to the store. Would you like any Pepto Bismol? 

David: That's OK. 

Ted: I hope you feel better. 

David: I'd appreciate that. 

Cwii - '^raetic© 
Directions: *5/70^1/ your concern to your partner. Use your own information. You may use the 

following tips to help you. 

Why didn't you ... ? 

What was your problem? 

Are you feeling any better? 

Would you like ...? 

I hope you feel better. 

I'd appreciate that. 

162 



--- Page 175 ---

Unit 4 The Joy of Work 

Fre-reatfina 職vmstimm 
1. Do you often help your parents with the household chores? What do you usually do to help 

them? 

2. Have you had any experience of doing part-time jobs to help support yourself and your 

family? What did you think about it? 

Work Is a Blessing 

I grew up in Lakeland, LA, one of 12 children. We all lived on my parents' subsistence 

farm. We grew cotton, sugar cane, corn, hogs, and chickens and had a large garden, but it 

didn't bring in much cash. So when I was 12, I got a part-time job on a dairy farm down the 

road, helping to milk cows. We milked 65 cows at 5 in the morning and again at 2 in the 

afternoon, seven days a week. 

In the kitchen one Saturday before daylight, I remember complaining to my father and 

grandfather about having to go milk those cows. My father said, "Ya know, boy, to work is a 

blessing." 

I looked at those two men who had worked harder than I ever had — my father eking 

out a living on that farm and my grandfather farming and working as a carpenter during the 

DepressiorV. I had a feeling I had been told something really important, but it took many years 

before it sank in. 

Going to college was a rare privilege for a kid from Lakeland. My father told me if I picked 

something to study that I liked doing, I'd always look forward to my work. But he also added, 

"Even having a job you hate is better than not having a job at all." 1 wanted to be a farmer, but 1 

joined the ROTC^ program to help pay for college. And what started out as an obligation to the 

Army became a way of life that I stayed committed to for 37 years, three months and three days. 

In the late 1980s, during a visit to Bangladesh, I saw a woman with a baby on her back, 

breaking bricks with a hammer. I asked a Bangladesh military escort why they weren't using a 

machine, which would have been a lot easier. He told me a machine would put that lady out of 

work. Breaking those bricks meant she could earn enough money to feed herself and her baby 

that day. And as bad as that woman's job was, it was enough to keep a small family alive. It 

reminded me of my father's words: To work is a blessing. 

163 



--- Page 176 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Serving in the U.S. Army overseas, ! saw a lot of people like that woman in Bangladesh. 

And I have come to believe that people without jobs are not free. They are victims of crime, 

the ideology of terrorism, poor health, depression and social unrest. These victims become 

the illegal immigrants, the slaves of human trafficking, the drug dealers, and the street gang 

members. I have seen it over and over again on the U.S. border, in Somalia, the Congo, 

Afghanistan and in New Orleans. People who have jobs can have a home, send their kids 

to school, develop a sense of pride, contribute to the good of the community, and even help 

others. When we can work, we are free. We are blessed. 

I don't think I will ever quit working. I'm retired from the Army, but I'm still working to 

help people be prepared for disaster. And I may get to do a little farming someday, too. I'm not 

going to stop. 1 believe in my father's words. I believe in the blessing of work. 

Mew W©rds 

blessing /'blesig/ n. 

something that is good or helpful 好事；有益之事 

subsistence /ssb'sistsns/ n. 

the state of having just enough money or food to stay 

alive勉强维持生巧 

sugar cane /'Juga kein/ n. 

a tall tropical plant with thick stems form which sugar is 

made甘薦 

corn /kom/ n. 

(AmE) a tall plant grown for its large yellow grains that 

are used for making flour or eaten as a vegetable; the 

grains of this plant 玉米 

hog /hog/ n. 

a pig, especially one that is kept and made fat for 

cash /kaej/ n. 

dairy /'deari/ adj. 

eating 猪 

money in the form of coins or notes/bills 现金 

connected with the production of milk rather than 

meat乳品业的；生产乳品的 

complain /kam'plein/ u. 

to say that you are annoyed, unhappy or not satisfied 

about somebody/something 抱怨；埋怨；发牢骚 

carpenter /'kaipontsCrV n. 

a person whose job is making and repairing wooden 

objects and structures 木工；木匠 

commiUed /ka'mitid/ adj. 

willing to work hard and give your time and energy to 

something; believing strongly in something 尽心尽力 

的；坚信的；坚定的 

brick /brik/ n. 

baked clay used for building walls, houses and other 

buildings; an individual block of this 石专；砖块 

164 



--- Page 177 ---

Unit 4 Til樹 Joy of llVork 

hammer /'haemaCrV n. 

a tool with a handle and a heavy metal head, used for 

breaking things or hitting nails 链子；御头 

escort /'eskoit/ n. 

a person or group of people or vehicles that travels 

with somebody/something in order to protect or guard 

them护送者；护卫队 

remind /n'maind/ v. 

to help somebody remember something, especially 

something important that they must do提醒；使想起 

victim /'viktim/ n. 

a person who has been attacked, injured or killed as the 

result of a crime, a disease, an accident, etc.受害者； 

牺牲品 

ideology /,aidi'Dl9d3i/ n. 

a set of beliefs, especially one held by a particular 

group, that influences the way people behave 意识开參 

态；观念形态 

terrorism /'teranzom/ n. 

the use of violent action in order to achieve political 

aims or to force a government to act 恐怖主义 

depression /di'prejn/ n. 

a period when there is little economic activity and 

many people are poor or without jobs 萧条其月；经济衰 

退；不景气 

unrest /An'rest/ n. 

a political situation in which people are angry and 

likely to protest or fight云力荡；云力舌L;骚云力 

illegal /I'liigl/ adj. 

not allowed by the law不合法的；非法的；违法的 

immigrant /'imigrgnt/ n. 

a person who has come to live permanently in a 

country that is not their own (夕h来）移民；夕h侨 

trafficking /'traefikig/ n. 

the buying and selling of something illegally 非法交易； 

非法买卖 

dealer /'di:b(r)/ n. 

a person who sells illegal drugs 贩毒者；毒品贩子 

gang /gae日/ 化 

a group of young people who spend a lot of time 

together and often cause trouble or fight against other 

groups —帮，一群，一伙（闹事、斗較的年轻人） 

contribute /kan'tribjuit/ v. 

to increase, improve or add to somethin呂增力□;增进； 

quit /kwit/ V. 

to stop doing something 停止；戒掉 

添加（到某物） 

165 



--- Page 178 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Phrases mm感 Ex辭ressisns 

bring in 

eke out a living 

sink in 

look forward to 

to make or earn a particular amount of money 赚得；挣 

to manage to live with very little money 竭力维持生计；勉强度日 

to be fully understood or realized被完全理解；被充分意识到 

to be thinking with pleasure about something that is going to 

happen (because you expect to enjoy it)(高兴地）扮望，期待 

over and over again 

many times; repeatedly 多次；反复地；一再 

be prepared for 

believe in 

to be ready and able to deal with something 准备好；有所准备 

to think that something is good, right or acceptable 认为某事好 

(对、可接受） 

Kef S«irtcn€«s 

1. I had a feeling I had been told something really important;, but it took many years before it 

sank in. 

我那时有一种感觉，父亲跟我说了一些非常重要的东西，但许多年后我才真正理解了 

其中的含义。 

2. And what started out as an obligation to the Army became a way of life that I stayed 

com mi 村ed to for 37 years, three months and three days. 

当初的义务从军便成为了我W后的生巧方式，我在部队服役长达37年3个月零3天。 

M#tes 

1. The (Great) Depression began with the Wall Street Crash of October 1929 and 

rapidly spread worldwide. The market crash marked the beginning of a decade of high 

unemployment, poverty, low profits and deflation. 

2. ROTC—The Reserve Officers'下raining Corps (ROTC) is a college-based program for training 

commissioned officers of the United States Armed Forces. A student receives a scholarship, 

in return for an obligation of active military service after graduation. 

Exercises 

Directions: Choose the best answer to each question from the information given in the passage. 

1. The author got a part-time job on a dairy farm_. 

A) to pay for his school tuition 

B) to help support his family 



--- Page 179 ---

Unit 4 The Joy of Work 

C) to get some work experience 

D) to earn some pocket money 

2. According to the author, his father and grandfather_. 

A) had worked harder on the farm than he did 

B) had made a living by milking cows on a dairy farm 

C) had never complained about life on the farm 

D) had never left the farm in their lifetime 

3. The author joined the ROTC program_. 

A) to fulfill his dream 

B) to pursue his career 

C) to avoid farm work 

D) to help pay for college 

4. Why didn't people in Bangladesh use a machine to replace the woman? 

A) Because they couldn't afford to buy a machine. 

B) Because they didn't know how to use a machine. 

C) Because the woman needed the work to support her family. 

D) Because the work could only be done manually. 

5. According to the passage, people who don't have jobs will_. 

A) become drug dealers 

B) be in difficult situations 

C) be in poor health 

D) have no free time 

訪 Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A ] 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. The campaign to drive the drug_away will continue, (dealers, dealerships) 

2. I'm going to_to the manager about this, (complain, complaint) 

3. This method is_used in modern laboratories, (rare, rarely) 

4. The rain will be a_for the farmers, (bless, blessing) 

5. Your suggestion will_to solving the problem, (contribute, contribution) 

6. It is_to buy cigarettes in Britain if you are under 16. (legal, illegal) 

167 



--- Page 180 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

commit unrest quit immigrant 

dairy victim trafficking subsistence 

1. The President is_to reforming health care. 

2. The majority of black African people rely on_agriculture for survival. 

3. Many students here are second- or third-generation_. 

4. General_in the country increased as hunger set in. 

5. Have you ever used nicotine replacement products to help you_smoking? 

6. He is a/an_of an illness over which he has no control. 

Section 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. She often complains_not feeling appreciated at work. 

2. Hearing that song always reminds me_a certain night in Santa Cruz. 

3. I'm really looking forward_our summer vacation. 

4. The sale of the house only brought_about $45,000. 

5. Helen believes_jogging for her health. 

6. The only way to learn the script is to say it to yourself over and over_ 

%j Bridging the Gap 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with a word or a phrase that best completes the passage. You may 

choose a suitable one from the list given. 

improve stressed check out clearing away arrive 

weight priority different routine route 

We all get the Monday blues from time to time, but there are ways to_1 your 

working life and be happy at work. If you're going through a rough patch at work or are lacking 

job satisfaction, 鄉 these ways to boost your mood and have a happier work day. 

If your workday often leaves you feeling 3_and overwhelmed, it is time to calm 

things down by getting more organized. Firstly, make sure you 4_a few minutes 

168 



--- Page 181 ---

Unit 4 The Joy of Work 

early for work to give you time to organize your tasks for the day and get mentally prepared. 

Secondly, organize your space by 讀 any clutter and streamlining your workspace. 

Finally, make a list of everything that you need to do that day in order of 6 . If you 

can, try taking care of the more cHfficult things first to help take a ''参 off your mind. 

Variety is the spice of life, and this is never truer than when it comes to your working day. 
Following the same 0 day in, day out can quickly cause boredom and dissatisfaction 

to set in, so try making every day a little 9_in any way you can. Try doing routine 

tasks in a different order, talking to someone new or taking a different 戀 to work. If 

you really can't shake up your workday itself, instead try organizing something fun and different 

to do on your lunch break every so often. 

^^Translation 

I i 

Section A I 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. My mother says that_(她盼望着见到你). 

(look forward to) 

2. _(如果你不断抱怨巧有时间工作)，you will 

notice that you have less and less time, (complain about) 

3. The construction of a highway_(将有助于 

郊区的发展).(contribute to) 

4. The movie_(使她想起了自己艰辛的童年). 

(remind of) 

5. There was no news and_(我们做了最坏的 

打算).(be prepared for) 

Section B I 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

Whether you are waiting tables or a brain surgeon, any job you do is about serving others 

and making their life better on some level. We have all had experiences where someone 

working in their job has lifted us up and made a difference to our day or brought us down and 

made our day worse. We have all met wonderful people cleaning floors and people who are not 

169 



--- Page 182 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

so wonderful who have amazing jobs. So whatever your job, how do you bring love to work? Be 

grateful for your work. Being grateful doesn't mean you have to stay in a job you don't like but 

it will help you to develop a more positive mindset when you are there. You don't like your job, 

but you may enjoy being with your colleagues. This is someth in呂 to be thankful for. When you 

practise gratefulness it will really allow you to develop a more useful outlook and be happier at 

your work. 

Organizing Your Ideas 

Directions: Put the following sentences in the proper order so that they make a complete 

paragraph. 

1. Societies go through cycles. 

2. One generation works hard and plays little. 

3. Work has become a four-le片er word for many people. 

4. Right now we seem to be in a pro-play, anti-work feeling. 

5. Another generation reverses the trend. 

Reflecting on the Text 

With the sharp rise of the number of college graduates in the labour market in recent 

years, it is increasingly difficult for college students to find ideal jobs upon graduation. Should 

they stay at home living off their parents or should they take jobs that may not be so satisfactory? 

What do you think of the MEET group (an acronym for people currently "not in education, 

employment, or training") in society? Give your reasons and suggestions. 

Text B 

Pre-reading 魅mmmt她麵 

1. Do you hope to start your own business? What would you like to do? 

2. What do you know about the necessary conditions for starting a business? 

170 

