

--- Page 194 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Self-Assessment 1 

第一部分：阅读判断（第1〜10题，每题1分，共10分） 

下面的短文后列出了 10个句子，请根据短文的内容对每个句子作出判断：如果该句 

提供的是正确信息，选择A;如果该巧提供的是错误信息，选择B;如果该句的信息文中 

没有提及，选择C。 

Work Is a Service 

Young people may ask themselves questions like this when they apply for employment: 

‘(What are my working hours? What are my extra benefits besides wages? What holidays will 

I have off? Will I have enough time to hang out with my friends or pursue my hobbies?’’ With 

questions like these, however, when we focus on our leisure hours instead of our working hours, 

we may be prevented from seeing a much greater opportunity. 

Good work attitudes, habits, and skills are learned through successful work experiences. Let 

me illustrate. On the ranch (牧场）where I grew up, the cows had to be milked before dawn every 

day. When I was just 10 years old, I would enter our barnyard where there were about 10 to 12 

cows waiting for me to let them into the milking bam. My mother and father used to say out loud 

to the cows, "Good morning. It，s good to see you!" I have to confess that as a young boy I didn’t 

feel quite the same way toward the cows. 

After each cow was milked, I poured the milk from the pail into a 10-gallon can. Each can 

weighed about 80 pounds when full. It made me stretch my young muscles as I carried them to 

the road for the dairy to pick up. 

My father and mother quite frequently helped me with milking the cows. I remember my 

father and mother continued to milk until they were in their late 80s. But Father didn’t milk the 

cows because he had to; he milked them because they needed to be milked. There is a difference. 

To him, these animals were not just cows — they were Big Blackie and Bossie and Sally and 

Betsy. He wanted them to be content. He always said that contented cows give good milk. To my 

father, milking cows — as unsophisticated as it may seem — was not an extra burden; it was an 

opportunity. Milking was not a job for him; it was a service. 

This philosophy is something that helped me as I grew up. It helped me to find out that all 

honest work is honorable. Within a few years I realized that routinely performing these chores 

actually began to give me a sense of confidence and empowerment. I took pride in my work. We 

control our own attitudes towards work. Self-confidence and empowerment can serve us well — 

in the classroom or on Wall Street. 

182 



--- Page 195 ---

Instead of thinking of our daily work as an extra burden, we should think of it as an 

opportunity. That’s just the way my father taught me to feel about the cows. Those teachings 

have remained with me all my life, and I continue to visit the ranch and its memories as often as 

possible. 

沒控!爲盜沒e沒沒m猶rrt 1 

1. Young people may be more concerned about leisure time when applying for jobs. 

A. True B. False C. Not Given 

2. Good work attitudes, habits, and skills are learned at school. 

A. True B. False C. Not Given 

3. Before going to school, the author had to milk all the cows in the morning. 

A. True B. False C. Not Given 

4. Unlike his parents, the young boy seemed not to be glad to see the cows every morning. 

A. True B. False C. Not Given 

5. After each cow was milked, the author would carry the milk to the market. 

A. True B. False C. Not Given 

6. The author always milked the cows alone in the barnyard. 

A. True B. False C. Not Given 

7. To his father, milking cows was a complicated job. 

A. True B. False C. Not Given 

8. The author’s father milked the cows because they needed to be milked. 

A. True B. False C. Not Given 

9. The author came to like the job of milking and took pride in it. 

A. True B. False C. Not Given 

10. Self-confidence and empowerment acquired at work will benefit people throughout their 

lives. 

A, True 

B. False 

C. Not Given 

183 



--- Page 196 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

第二部分：阅读选择（第11〜15题，每题2分，共10分） 

阅读下面短文，请从短文后所给各题的4个选项（A、B、C、D)中选出1个最佳选项。 

Friendship and Loyalty 

When the terrorist attack on September 11th caused people to flee the building, Avremel 

Zelmanowitz risked his own chance of escape by staying behind with his friend and colleague, 

Ed Beyea, who was confined to a wheelchair due to a paralysis known as quadriplegia (四肢截 

雜).Both men lost their lives, but the story of Avremel’s love and devotion to his friend conveys a 

life-giving message to all. 

Avremel never married, and he shared a house with his brother and his family. He was a 

loving uncle to his brother’s children, and he was devoted to caring for his aging parents. He 

was a ‘‘family man" in every sense of the word. At the same time, he had his own life, his Torah 

classes, his varied interests, and a job and friends to which he was characteristically devoted. 

When the tragedy occurred, Avremel was age 55, and his friend, Ed Beyea, was age 42.Ed 

became disabled after a diving accident at age 22, but he managed to work 14 years at Blue Cross 

Blue Shield since his injury. Both he and Avremel were program analysts who worked on the 27th 

floor of the World Trade Center. 

Avremel had joined the office two years after Ed was hired, and the two became very close 

friends. They both loved books and music ——often trading books and tapes, and they both served 

as the special uncle of their respective families. Like Avremel, Ed had no children of his own, but 

he was a father figure to his two nephews after their father died. Both friends had a great sense of 

humor, although Ed was strong and outgoing, while Avremel was the more quiet of the pair. 

On the morning of September 11th, Ed wanted to wait until he could be securely carried 

down by several rescue workers, as it was dangerous for someone with his disability to be moved. 

Avremel wouldn’t allow his friend to wait alone when everyone else was fleeing the building, and 

he stayed with him. 

In the days that followed, the media learned about Avremel’s selfless act, and 也e story 

began to spread. President Bush, in his national prayer address to the American people, 

referred to Avremel’s act as one of the many "eloquent (有说服力的）acts of sacrifice，，that were 

demonstrated by Americans during this crisis. 

184 



--- Page 197 ---

11. What happened to Avremel and Ed during the September 11th terrorist attacks? 

Se!f~Assessment 王 

A. Avremel rescued Ed at the cost of his own life. 

B. Both Avremel and Ed gave up their chance of escape. 

C. Both Avremel and Ed were finally rescued. 

D. Avremel stayed with Ed and both lost their lives. 

12. Avremel and Ed were similar in that_. 

A. both of them were in their 50s 

B. both of them loved books and music 

A. both of them were disabled 

B. both lived with their brothers’ families 

13. Which of the following statements is true according to the passage? 

A. Avremel took care of Ed’s life after work. 

B. Avremel liked diving when he was young. 

C. Ed became disabled after a driving accident. 

D. Ed was not able to get down stairs himself. 

14. Why did Avremel choose to stay when others were fleeing? 

A. Because he expected the rescuers to help him. 

B. Because he tried to carry Ed downstairs. 

C. Because he didn’t want to leave Ed behind. 

D. Because he found it safer to stay inside. 

15. The word "address" in the last paragraph means_. 

A. speech 

B. solution 

C. information 

D. title 

185 



--- Page 198 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

第王部分：概括段落大意和补全句子（第16〜25题，每题1分，共10分） 

阅读下面短文，请完成短文后的2项测试任务：（1)从第16〜20题后所给的6个选项 

中为第①〜⑤段每段选择1个正确的小标题；（2)从第21〜25题后所给的6个选项中选择 

5个正确选项，分别完成每个句子。 

Five Reasons to Celebrate Mistakes 

O Mistakes have a way of focusing our attention and putting crucial problems right in our face. 

Mistakes light a path for us. When we own up to our mistakes, we often know exactly what’s not 

working and what we can do to fix it. 

@ There is one sure way to avoid mistakes and that’s to avoid life. The writer who never 

finishes a book will never have to worry about getting negative reviews. The comedian who 

never performs in front of an audience is sure to avoid telling jokes that fall flat. When we 

are comfortable with making mistakes, we’re more likely to take risks and tackle projects. 

Celebrating mistakes involves wisdom. Effective people don’t set goals with the idea of making 

mistakes. Instead, they aim to reach those goals while accepting the risk of error. 

0 Imagine working at a company that has no standards — where mistakes are not distinguished 

from successes and no one is held accountable for errors. We could turn in the most careless 

and the crudest pieces of work we’d ever done, and they would get treated the same as our best 

work. We’d never be able to count on having the supplies we needed because no one would 

complain when vendors failed to deliver. Projects could go permanently unfinished and no one 

would say anything. In an atmosphere where there’s no difference between failure and success, 

the word "mistake" would be without meaning. Mistakes can happen only when people are truly 

committed to making things work. 

© The word "mistake" derives meaning only by comparison to what we desire. Noticing and 

admitting our mistakes reminds us of what we really want to have, do, and be. Mistakes offer us 

an opportunity to practice truth telling. With this act come the rewards of honesty and frankness, 

including self-knowledge and the capacity for change. As we tell the truth about our mistakes, we 

can benefit by releasing shame and blame. Fixing mistakes and preventing them from happening 

again are key goals. 

@ Mistakes are usually more instructive than successes — and often far more interesting. The 

lessons we learn from making mistakes often stick with us for a lifetime. We can translate those 

lessons into new values and behaviors that make a profound difference. With all these potential 

benefits from mistakes, we have plenty of reasons to celebrate them. 

186 



--- Page 199 ---

Taskl 

16. Paragraph ©: 

17. Paragraph 

18. Paragraph ©: 

19. Paragraph ©: 

20. Paragraph 

Self-Assessment 玉 

A. Mistakes encourage taking 

risks 

B. Mistakes practice telling truth 

C. Mistakes make powerful 

teachers 

D. Mistakes are as important as 

successes 

E. Mistakes focus our attention 

F. Mistakes make things work 

Task 2 

21. We often know through mistakes what’s going wrong and 

22.If a writer never finishes his book, he will never have to _ 

23.Effective people aim to reach their goals while 

24.People can make mistakes only when they are truly 

25.We can learn some lessons from making mistakes, which often 

A. stick with us for a lifetime D. accepting the risk of error 

B. what we can do to fix it E. worry about being criticized 

C. committed to making things work R committed to making things work 

187 



--- Page 200 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

第四部分：填句补文（第26〜30题，每题2分，共10分） 

下面的短文有5处空白，短文后有6个句子，其中5个取自短文，请根据短文内容将 

其分别放回原有位置，W恢复文章原貌。 

How to Improve Self-Confidence 

Improving your self-confidence can be a difficult task. Most people associate having a high 

level of confidence with being successful. In some way this is true, since most successful people 

have high levels of self-confidence and are able to take on any challenges in their path. 

(26)_It can take a long time to develop, but it certainly can have a 

massive positive impact on the rest of your life. 

Self-confidence can be the route to achieving many of your other goals, whether it be asking 

certain person out to dinner, becoming successful in business or even with your weight loss goals. 

口 7)_ 

Face what you fear. Most of the time, what you fear will not really be as bad as it seems. 

Whether it is being too embarrassed to go to a new fitness class since you think you will stick 

out like a sore thumb, or going for that promotion at work, you will find in time that everyone is 

fearful or has insecurities about something. (28)_They just deal with them in 

a different and positive way. 

Improve your self-confidence by finding out what you really want from life. 

(29)_Don’t be afraid of failing, since life is one big learning curve. I bet the 

most successful people you’ve met 拉iled over and over again before they hit it big. 

(30)_By utilizing the techniques used in hypnosis (催目民)，you can gain 

access to your subconscious mind, allowing you to plant positive thoughts that can greatly help 

you with your progress of becoming a more self-confident person. 

A. There are a few basic tips to help make you into a self-confident human being. 

B. One method that can help to improve self-confidence is through the use of Hypnosis. 

C. Try new things that excite you. 

D. Even the most self-confident people have certain issues. • 

E. We aim to help people become more self-confident in life. 

F. Developing self-confidence can be hard, especially if you are starting with little or no 

confidence. 

188 



--- Page 201 ---

第五部分：填词补文（第31〜40题，每题1.5分，共15分） 

下面的短文有10处空白，短文后列出12个词，其中10个取自短文，请根据短文内 

容将其分别放回原有位置，W恢复文章原貌。 

Se!仁Assessment 玉 

The Power of Positive Words in the Family 

As a writer and psychotherapist (心理医师)，I have been using words carefully most of my 

life. While counseling a husband and wife, I notice that a (31)_word can stir 

也eir emotions and take their conversation to a dark place that they both know is negative. 

World peace (32)_with peace in the family. As a therapist, Fve heard 

many adults recite hurtful words they heard decades ago from a parent or a brother or sister. 

Care in speaking to children requires a degree of self-possession, the ability to see past the blind 

emotion of the moment to the needs of the child. Good words (33)_from that 

greater vision. 

For example, words of extreme praise can do (34)_for the injured ego 

(自我）of a child or spouse. Sometimes it’s helpful to give words to what is usually left unspoken. 

"I appreciate what you did for me. I’m happy that you’re with me.’’ Simple, direct and heart-felt 

words of (35)_，appreciation and gratitude often go unsaid, when they could 

be a handy means of healing. Words hurt and words heal. 

Every day (36)_opportunities to say words of encouragement and 

recognition. No matter how strong or (37)_we are, we all need such words. 

But often they may seem unnecessary. My rule is: if the thought occurs to me to say something 

supportive, I say it. You can never speak too often in praise and appreciation. You can also receive 

that praise, when it comes, gracefully — with words. "Thank you for saying that. I need to hear that，， 

A friend of our family, an intelligent, progressive Catholic priest, (38)_ 

praises our children to the skies. He is very extreme in his language, and everyone knows he 

overdoes it with his praise. But we all love to see him, and we (39)_his 

friendship. We don’t need realism and moderation (适度）任om such a friend. 

Everywhere today, marriage partners and children are in distress. I have no 

(40)_that one simple solution would be to offer them words of support. When 

used with care, language can be therapeutic. Even, and maybe especially, when a person is being 

difficult and aggressive, words of understanding and affirmation, realistic and felt, can often help. 

A. wonders 

B. doubt 

C. come 

D. begins 

E. always 

F. successful 

G. careful 

H. single 

I. already 

J. treasure 

K. praise 

L. offers 

189 



--- Page 202 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

第六部分：完形补文（第41〜50题，每题1.5分，共15分） 

下面的短文有10处空白，每处空白后的括号内有一个词，请根据短文内容将其正确 

的形式填入文中，W恢复文章原貌。 

Careful Use of Words 

Words are powerful and can be very (0)damaging (damage) when used carelessly. They 

have the power to evoke potent emotions and they can help inspire, (41)_ 

(courage) and motivate people. They can transform the world 也at we live in and in a crisis they 

can be your strongest ally or your most damaging opponent. 

One should always be very (42)_(care) when using words, but this 

is especially so in the midst of a crisis. Who can forget when, during the middle of the larg¬ 

est oil spill in US history, the Chief Executive of BF^，Tony Hayward, said "I’d like my life 

back，，？ When a crisis breaks, a company needs to be (43)_(particular) care¬ 

ful in framing its response. While attempting to assert control it also needs to be aware of the 

(44)_(implicate) of the response and what it may mean in the future. Framed 

properly, a (45)_(train) spokesperson can use their language to calm nerves 

during a very anxious time and can give the public an (46)_(impress) that the 

company is in control and working hard to resolve the crisis. 

The language in all crisis (47)_(communicate) materials should be 

carefully managed and reviewed. Have all professional expressions and academic language 

been removed and adapted? The language should be simple and self-explanatory. Are the com¬ 

munication materials (48)_(respect) of all audiences including stakeholders, 

employees, media and the general public? Are words the best method to explain what happened? 

It may be useful to have a graphic (49)_(design) /photographer available to 

allow you to communicate clearly what happened in a simple and 口0)_(logic) 

way. Can your press release be converted into 140 characters or less for Twitter? It’s unlikely — 

prepare alternative strategies to allow you to engage via social media channels. 

A serious crisis can destroy companies and/or individuals. However, proper preparation 

combined with an appropriate response can actually help improve the reputation of both. 

Language is a powerful weapon and should be treated as such in all communications. 

190 



--- Page 203 ---

第4：部分：短文写作（第51题，30分） 

请根据所提供材料中的要求撰写一篇150词左右的英语短文。 

Self-Assessment 1 

Congratulations! 

We’re glad to announce that you’ve won the 

first place in the English Speech Contest. 

Tomorrow afternoon we’re going to hold a press 

conference for you. 

Please be prepared for everything that might be 

asked by the reporters concerning your success 

in English learning. 

It would be best if you listed possible questions 

and proper responses. 

191 



--- Page 204 ---



--- Page 205 ---

Keeping Your Dreams Alive 

You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a 

new dream. 

—C, S. Lewis 

无论年纪多大，都可&>有新目膀、新梦想。 

——C.S.刘易斯 

Clive Staples Lewis (1898-1963), Irish-born British scholar, writer, 

and lay theologian. He was an established literary figure whose impact 

is increasingly recognized by scholars and teachers. 



--- Page 206 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Speaking Activity 

Expressing Preferences 

Sample 顯totegiie 

Read the following conversation. Pay attention to how the speakers express preferences. 

Andrews: Would you like to listen to some music? 

Nancy: Certainly. 

Andrews: I just bought another new album from the music store. 

Nancy: You are crazy about buying CDs! 

Andrews: Oh, yes. What sort of music do you like? 

Nancy: I love just about anything by Prince. 

Andrews: So, you're into 80s music then? 

Nancy: Well, I like all kinds of music, but he is one of my favourites. How about you? 

Andrews: I like alternative music. 

Nancy: Do you have a favourite band? 

Andrews: To be honest, no. I'm always in search of new music to listen to. 

Directions: Ask and express to each other your likes and dislikes or preferences. Use your own 

CMi禮®磯 Practice 

information. You may use the following tips to help you. 

What sort of ... do you like? 

I love/like ... 

I am into ... 

Do you have a favourite ... ? 

How about you? 

... is one of my favourites. 

194 



--- Page 207 ---

Unit 5 Keeping Your Dr潑am愁 Alive 

Pre-reatfing 喔.《®s意禮©ns 

1. Do you believe that life is difficult? What are some of the difficulties that you have 

encountered in your life? 

2. What suggestions did you get from your parents or friends when you met with difficulties in 

your life? 

Life is difficult. 

Life Is Difficult 

This is a great truth, one of the greatest truths. It is a great truth because once we truly see 

this truth we transcend it. Once we truly know that life is difficult — once we truly understand 

and accept it — then life is no longer difficult. Because once it is accepted, the fact that life is 

cnfficult no longer matters. 

Most people do not fully see this truth that life is difficult. 

Instead they moan more or less incessantly, noisily or subtly, about the enormity of their 

problems, their burdens, and their difficulties as if life were generally easy, as if life should be 

easy. They voice their belief, noisily or subtly, that their difficulties represent a unique kind of 

affliction that should not be and that has somehow been especially visited upon them, or else 

upon their families, their tribe, their class, their nation, their race, or even their species, and not 

upon others. I know about this moaning because I have done my share. 

Life is a series of problems. Do we want to moan about them or solve them? Do we want 

to teach our children to solve them? 

Discipline is the basic set of tools we require to solve life's problems. Without discipline 

we can solve nothing. With only some discipline we can solve only some problems. With total 

discipline we can solve all problems. 

What makes life difficult is that the process of confronting and solving problems is a 

painful one. Problems, depending upon their nature, evoke in us frustration of grief, sadness, 

loneliness, guilt, regret, anger, fear, anxiety, anguish, or despair. These are uncomfortable 

feelings, often very uncomfortable, often as painful as any kind of physical pain, sometimes 

equaling the very worst kind of physical pain. Indeed, it is because of the pain that events or 

conflicts engender in us all that we can call them problems. And since life poses an endless 

195 



--- Page 208 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

series of problems, life is always difficult and is full of pain as well as joy. 

Yet it is in this whole process of meeting and solving problems that life has its meaning. 

Problems are the cutting edge that distinguishes between success and failure. Problems call 

forth our courage and our wisdom; indeed, they create our courage and our wisdom. It is only 

because of problems that we grow mentally and spiritually. When we desire to encourage the 

growth of the human spirit, we challenge and encourage the human capacity to solve problems, 

just as in school we deliberately set problems for our children to solve. It is through the pain 

of confronting and resolving that we learn. As Benjamin FrankliiV said, "Those things that 

hurt, instruct." It is for this reason that wise people learn not to dread but actually to welcome 

problems and actually to welcome the pain of problems. 

...叶 1;护.飞:!rds 

transcend /trsen'send/ v. 

to be or go beyond the usual limits of something 超出， 

超越（通常的界限） 

incessantly /in'sesntli/ adv. 

non-stop不停地；持续不断地 

noisily /'noizili/ adv. 

in the way of making a lot of noise 喧闹地 

subtly /'sAtli/ adv. 

in the way that is not very noticeable or obvious 不易 

察觉地；不明显地；微妙地 

enormity /I'noimsti/ n. 

the very great size, effect, etc. of something; the fact of 

something being very serious巨大；深远影响；严重性 

burden /'bsidn/ n. 

a duty, responsibility, etc. that causes worry, difficulty 

or hard work (义务、责任等的）重担，负担 

belief /bi'liif/ n. 

a strong feeling that something /somebody exists or is 

true; confidence that something/somebody is good or 

right相信；信心 

unique /ju'niik/ adj. 

being the only one of its kind; very special or 

unusual唯一的；独一无二的；独特的 

affliction /s'flikjn/ n. 

pain and suffering or something that causes it 折磨；痛苦 

especially /I'speJ^li/ adv. 

more with one person, thing, etc. than with others, or 

tribe /traib/ n. 

more in particular circumstances than in others 尤其； 

特别；格外 ■ 

(in developing countries) a group of people of the same 

race, and with the same customs, language, religion, 

etc. living in a particular area and often led by a 

chief部落 

species /'spiijiiz/ n. 

a group into which animals, plants, etc. that are able to 

breed with each other and produce healthy young are 

196 



--- Page 209 ---

Unit:資 Keeping Your Dr機疑m怒 Alive 

divided, smaller than a genus and identified by a Latin 

name种，物种（分类上小于属） 

discipline /'dissplin/ n. 

the ability to control your behaviour or the way you 

live, work, etc.自制力；遵守纪律 

confront /kan'frAnt/ v. 

to deal with a problem or difficult situation 处理，解 

决（问题或困境） 

evoke /I'vauk/ v. 

to bring a feeling, a memory or an image into your 

mind弓眶，唤起（感情、记忆或形象） 

grief /griif/ n. 

a feeling of great sadness, especially when somebody 

dies (尤指因某人去世引起的）悲伤，悲痛，伤心 

guilt /gilt/ n. 

the unhappy feelings caused by knowing or thinking 

that you have done something wrong 内疚；悔恨 

anxiety /aeg'zaiati/ n. 

the state of feeling nervous or worried that something 

bad is going to happen 焦虑；中尤虑 

anguish /'aeggwij/ n. 

severe pain, mental suffering or unhappiness 居ij痛；极 

度痛苦；苦恼 

despair /di'speaCr)/ n. 

the feeling of having lost all hope 绝望 

uncomfortable /An'kAmftabI/ adj. 

anxious, embarrassed or afraid and unable to 

relax (使）焦虑的，尴尬的，害怕的，不自在的 

physical /'fizikl/ adj. 

connected with a person's body rather than their 

mind身体的；肉体的；躯体的 

equal /'iikwal/ v. 

to be as good as something else or do something to the 

same standard as somebody else 比得上；敌得过 

conflict /'konflikt/ n. 

a situation in which people, groups or countries are 

involved in a serious disagreement or argument 冲突； 

争执；争论 

engender /in'd3end9(r)/ v. 

to make a feeling or situation exist 产生，引起（某种 

感觉或情况） 

pose /pouz/ V. 

to create a threat, problem, etc. that has to be dealt 

with造成（威胁、问题等）；引起；产生 

distinguish /di'stiggwij/ v. 

to recognize the difference between two people or 

things区分；辨别：分清 

wisdom /'wizdam/ n. 

the ability to make sensible decisions and give good 

advice because of the experience and knowledge that 

you have智慧；才智；精明 

mentally /'mentali/ adv. 

connected with or happening in the mind 精神上；智 

力上；思想上 

spiritually /'spiritJuali/ adv. 

in the way that is connected with the human spirit, 

197 



--- Page 210 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

desire 

/di'zaiaCrV v. 

to want something; to wish for something 渴望；其月望 

deliberately /di'libarstli/ adv. 

done in a way that was planned, not by chance 故意； 

rather than the body or physical things 精神上；心灵上 

蓄意；存心 

instruct 

/in'strAkt/ V. 

to teach somebody something, or show them how to do 

something教授；指导 

dread 

/dred/ v. 

to be very afraid of something; to fear that something 

bad is going to happen非常害怕；极为担心 

Phrases a ■- EMpressi»ns 

moan about 

to complain about something in a way that other people find annoying 抱怨 

a series of 

several events or things of a similar kind that happen one after the other — 

because of 

as well as 

系列；连续 

for the reason of 因为 

in addition to somebody/something; too除..之夕h ’ 

cutting edge 

the newest, most advanced stage in the development of something (处于某 

call forth 

to produce a particular reaction 弓 1起；使产生 

事物发展的）尖端，最前沿，领先阶段 

Mew Sentences 
1. And since life poses an endless series of problems, life is always difficult and is full of pain 

as well as joy. 

生巧总是艰辛的，因为它给我们带来了无尽的问题，生活不仅有快乐，也充满痛苦。 

2. Yet it is in this whole process of meeting and solving problems that life has its meaning. 

然而，正是在遇到问题并解决问题的整个过程中，生活才具有意义。 

誦e遞es 

1. Benjamin Franklin was born on January 17, 1706, on Milk Streep in Boston, Massachusetts 

and died on April 1 7, 1790, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was one of the Founding 

Fathers of the United States and a member of the Committee of Five that drafted the 

Declaration of Independence. 

198 



--- Page 211 ---

Unit 5 Keeping Your Dreairi沒 Alive 

辕 Checking Your Comprehension 

Exercises 

Directions: Choose the best answer to each question from the information given in the passage. 

1. The author believes that the statement that life is difficult_. 

A) is the greatest truth in the world 

B) is never known to people 

C) is not as true as before 

D) is fully understood by few people 

2. According to the author, life is_. 

A) a series of problems 

B) a heavy load of burden 

C) a series of truths 

D) a unique kind of affliction 

3. Solving all life's problems requires_. 

A) no moaning 

B) some discipline 

C) total discipline 

D) all tools 

4. Problems evoke in us the following feelings except_. 

A) embarrassment 

B) regret 

C) pain 

D) anxiety 

5. The author suggests that problems_the growth of the human spirit. 

A) stop 

B) discourage 

C) encourage 

D) slow down 

Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. Angela wished she could think of some words of_for her friend, but her 

199 



--- Page 212 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

mind was a complete blank, (wise, wisdom) 

2. She has been_ignoring him all day. (deliberate, deliberately) 

3. Waiting for exam results is a time of great_. (anxiety, anxious) 

4. There is a general_that things will soon get better, (belief, believe) 

5. He looked distinctly_when the subject was mentioned, (comfortable, 

uncomfortable) 

6. Is there a French word that is the exact_of the English word "home"? (equal, 

equivalent) 

Section  bH 
Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

IssamJI 

distinguish instruct equal conflict 

anxiety guilt physical confront 

1. She is a(n)_novelist and philosopher. 

2. He gives her regular_in mathematics. 

3. This achievement is unlikely ever to be_. 

4. The violence was the result of political and ethnic_. 

5. We have all been_of selfishness at some time in our lives. 

6. I'm very_about the speech contest. 

Section C □ 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. A series_accidents disordered the shop. 

2. She is always moaning_her bad memory. 

3. Many beautiful fish are fast disappearing because_the severe pollution. 

4. We should distinguish_right and wrong. 

5. A difficult situation can call_a person's best qualities. 

6. He is courageous as well_strong. 

200 

