

--- Page 214 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

5. It's important to 

(distinguish) 

Section 

(把现实与虚构区分开来). 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

Imagine life as a game in which you are juggling some five balls in the air. You name 

them — work, family, health, friends and spirit and you are keeping all of these in the air. You 

will soon understand that work is a rubber ball. If you drop it, it will bounce back. But the other 

four balls — family, health, friends and spirit — are made of glass, and if you drop one of these, 

they will be irrevocably scuffed, marked, nicked, damaged or even shattered. They will never 

be the same. You must understand that and strive for balance in your life. 

© Organizing Your Ideas 

Directions: Put the following sentences in the proper order so that they make a complete 

paragraph. 

1. One day while walking through the woods the nice old man found a cocoon of a 

butterfly. He took it home. 

2. Once upon a time in a land far away, there was a wonderful old man who loved 

everything: animals, spiders, insects, etc. 

3. A few days later, a small opening appeared; he sat and watched the butterfly for several 

hours as it struggled to force its body through that little hole. 

4. Then the man decided to help the bu村erfly, so he took a pair of scissors and snipped off 

the remaining bit of the cocoon. The butterfly then emerged easily. 

5. Then it seemed to stop making any progress. It appeared as if it had gotten as far as it 

could and it could go no farther. 

6. But it never was able to fly. 

Reflecting on the Text 

Life is like a journey. It is full of ups and downs. And most of the time life is difficult. Along 

life's journey people embrace difficulties in their own ways. Some accept and face them bravely, 

and in consequence they may grow mature out of pains and frustrations in solving problems. 

Some just sit back complaining about their misfortune and their life's journey may stick there. 

To which kind of group do you belong? What will you do when confronted with problems and 

difficulties? What do you think of the problems and difficulties in your life? Give reasons and 

examples to support yourself. 

202 



--- Page 215 ---

Unit 5 Keeping Your Dream激 Alive 

Pr®-r©a媚ing 龜《es’補©ns 

1. If your friends turn to you for advice when they face life's challenges, what will you say to 

them? 

2. What advice do you expect the author will give to people in difficulties? 

Begin Again 

To begin again means that you won't give up. 

To begin again means you're trying. 

You can either start over and live your life 

Or spend the rest of your life slowly dying. 

It is never the falling that makes us fail. 

It is never the pain or the crying. 

You can never fail in life, my friend, 

Unless you give up trying. 

—Bob Perks^ 

It seems lately that more and more of my friends are facing some seemingly 

insurmountable challenges in their lives. A few have lost their jobs and some have failed 

marriages. All too many have health issues or are battling cancer. 

I don't know if it is desperation that causes them to turn to me for advice or whether they 

have come to value our friendship. But it is difficult, to say the least, to offer words of hope 

when all they feel is hopelessness. They expect answers, some magic waving of a wand, or a 

roadmap to get them back on their feet again. 

I have often struggled with what to say. Mostly because I have faced many of the same 

challenges in my own life, I remember how empty I felt after someone cheerfully offered words 

like, "Keep your chin up!" "Things will get better!" "Hang in there!" "It's always darkest.../' etc. 

Yes, even those who were quick to quote the Bible^ to me found me quite unreceptive at 

the time. 

Now, as an inspiration writer, being thought of as a resource of hope or a good (or bad) 

example of what to do in life, I have even more people contacting me. 

203 



--- Page 216 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

So, what do I say? 

"What can I do, Bob? I've lost my job. What do you suggest?" 

"Begin again." 

"He walked out on me. My whole world just ended. What should I do?" 

"Begin again." 

"Bob, I know both your son and your wife had cancer. I found out my wife does, too. 

What did you tell them?" 

"Be吕in again." 

It almost sounds too simple. I imagine in the darkest hours of one's life, those words would 

seem useless or uncaring. But it is indeed the answer. 

All life challenges bring about an ending — and the chance for a beginning. A job loss 

presents an opportunity to start over somewhere else and maybe even in another career. 

A failed marriage does not mean you are through loving or being loved. It means there are 

others just like you needing to be loved. Find them. 

A life-threatening disease does not mean giving up. It means starting a new path to 

recovery and discovering within yourself the ability to fight back and win. 

And if you are a person of faith, even death does not mean it's over. It means, "to begin 

again." 

.... N -饒& 

lately /'leitli/ adv. 

recently; in the recent past最近：新近；近来；不久前 

insurmountable /.msa'inauntabl/ adj. 

(of difficulties, problems, etc.) that cannot be dealt with 

successfully (困难、问题等）无法克服的，难W解决 

的，不可逾越的 

challenge /'tXaebnd3/ n. 

a new or difficult task that tests somebody's ability and 

skill挑战；艰巨任务 

ba扣e /'baetl/ v. 

to try very hard to achieve something difficult or to deal 

with something unpleasant or dangerous (与…）搏斗； 

(与…）斗争 

desperation /,desp9'reijn/ n. 

the state of being desperate 绝望；拼命；链而走险 

value /'vaelju:/ v. 

to think that somebody/something is important 重视； 

珍视 

wand /wDnd/ n. 

a straight thin stick that is held by somebody when 

performing magic or magic tricks 魔杖 

cheerfully /'tjiafali/ adv. 

happily, and showing it by the way that you behave 快 

乐地；高兴地；兴高采烈地 

204 



--- Page 217 ---

Unit 5 Keeping Your Drea附涵 Alive 

quote /kw9ut/ v. 

to repeat the exact words that another person has said 

or written弓I用；弓I述 

unreceptive /.Anri'septiv/ adj. 

unwilling to listen to or accept new ideas or 

suggestions (对新观点、建议等）不愿倾听的，不愿接 

受的 

inspiration /.insps'reijn/ n. 

a person or thing that makes you want to be better, 

more successful, etc.鼓舞人心的人（或事物） 

contact /'kontaekt/ v. 

to communicate with somebody, for example by 

telephone or letter联系，联络（如用电话或信件） 

imagine /i'maed3in/ v. 

to think that something is probably true 料想；认为 

uncaring /An'kesrig/ adj. 

not sympathetic about the problems or suffering of 

other people冷漠的；无同情心的 

life-threatening /'laif 0retni日/ adj. 

that is likely to kill somebody可能致命的；威胁着生 

命的 

recovery /ri'kAvsri/ n. 

the process of becoming well again after an illness or 

injury恢复；痊愈 

Phrases antf .. . jrmssimms 

start over 

to begin again重亲斤开始 

on one's feet 

completely well or in a normal state again after an illness or a time of 

trouble (困境后）恢复，完全复原；（病后）痊愈 

struggle with 

to fight against somebody/something in order to prevent a bad situation or 

result斗争；抗争 

walk out on 

to suddenly leave somebody that you are having a relationship with and that 

bring about 

to make something happen 导董友；弓 I起 

you have a responsibility for 遗弃，抛弃，离开（某人） 

fight back 

to resist strongly or attack somebody who has attacked you 奋力抵抗；还击 

Mmtem 

1. Bob Perks is an author, storyteller, trainer, and motivational speaker whose specialty is 

human potential. His message — "I believe in you!" — has resonated with thousands of 

people who are seeking to increase their self-esteem and communication skills. 

2. The Bible is any one of the collections of the primary religious texts of Judaism and 

Christianity. 

205 



--- Page 218 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

EMcreises 

带-Checking Your Comprehension 

Section A 

ftesBRaneesn 

Directions: Read the following statements and mark Y (for Yes) if the statement agrees with the 

information given in the text; N (for No) if the statement contradicts the information given in the 

text; NG (for Not Given) if the information is not given in the text 

( )1. More and more friends of the author are facing some seemingly insurmountable 

challenges in their lives. 

( ) 2. It is desperation that causes the author's friends to turn to him for advice. 

( ) 3. It is very easy to offer words of hope to people who feel hopeless. 

( ) 4. The author felt very empty when offered some cheerful words. 

( )5. All life challenges bring about an ending — and the chance for a beginning. 

( )6. "Begin again" is the most important advice to a person in difficulties. 

Section □ 

Directions: Complete the following sentences with the information given in the text 

1. All too many people have_or are battling cancer. 

2. Being thought of as_, the author has even more people contacting him. 

3. In the darkest hours of one's life, those encouraging words would seem_ 

4. Even those who were quick to quote the Bible to me found me quite_ 

at 

the time. 

5. A_does not mean you are through loving or being loved. 

6. A life-threatening disease does not mean_. 

c: Building Your Vocabulary 

r~j 
Section A 1 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. You'd better not let your_run away with you. (imagine, imagination) 

2. Don't ever_me again or I will seek ultimate justice, (threat, threaten) 

3. He is seriously ill and unlikely to_. (recover, recovery) 

4. We're trying to_him with confidence, (inspire, inspiration) 

5. The book provides_information on recent trends, (value, valuable) 

206 



--- Page 219 ---

6. The writer illustrates his point by 

from a number of sources, (quote, 

Unit 5 Keeping Your Dreams AHve 

quotation) 

Section B 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

challenge 

desperate 

inspire 

cheerful 

value 

uncaring 

contact 

battle 

1. One of the most 

aspects of coping with illness is the unpredictable nature 

of many conditions and the uncertainty. 

2. As she repeated the same message over and over, she could hear the growing 

_in her voice, but she could do nothing to control it. 

3. People are more alert, focused, and even_after chewing gum, according to 

a study from Cardiff University in Wales. 

4. Now, too frequently, style and technique seem to be_over powerful story 

telling in TV production. 

5. The website allows people to_me directly about my editing and mentoring 

services. 

6. It is so_that so many people feel moved to come out and express 

themselves. 

Section C 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. This medicine will help to set you_your feet. 

2. The old man has been struggling_illness. 

3. He just walked_on his wife and family without saying a word. 

4. I suggest that you tear up the composition and start_again. 

5. They wondered how to fight_at the terrorists. 

6. What has brought_the change in his attitude? 

207 



--- Page 220 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

悼 Translation 
Section A i 
Directions: Translate the 

aL-1 

•mmmvwmmm 

following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

^. Sue is_(又恢复健康了）after her operation. 

(on one's feet) 

2. Science_ (带来了很多变化）in our lives. 

(bring about) 

3. He had a row with his wife and just_(把 

她抛弃了). (walk out on) 

4. Maybe I_体来应该进行反击).(fight back) 

5.1_(陷入了绝望)！（desperation) 

Section □ 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

Life is challenging, meet it. 

Life is various, make it. 

Life is beautiful, discover it. 

Life is humorous, enjoy it. 

戀 Writing 
Section A 

Directions: Rewrite the following by putting the short sentences into compound or complex 

sentences, or sentences with participial, prepositional, or other phrases. 

Example: 

The dean issued a bulletin. It said the library would remain 

- 

open on weekends. 

■ > 

-----......……--•.....^ 

Revision: 

The dean issued a bulletin, which said the library would remain 

open on weekends. 

1. Larry picked up a hitchhiker. The hitchhiker was travelling around the world. 

2. The power line snapped. Jack was listening to the stereo. Linda was reading in bed. 

3.1 returned to school after a long illness. The math teacher gave me makeup work. The 

history teacher made me drop her course. 

208 



--- Page 221 ---

Unit 5 Keeping Your Dr錢窥m没 Alive 

4. Jane wanted to attend the event. She had to work a double shift. Several of her 

coworkers called in sick. 

5. My car does not start on cold mornings. I think the battery needs to be replaced. I 

already had it recharged once. I don't think charging it again would help. 

Section B | 

Directions: Renumber the sentences given below to arrange them in what you think is the best 

order. 

1. You must first dare to dream, then from the dream comes a plan of action. 

2. Walt Disney said "All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue 

them." 

3. Dreams are only dreams until they are put into action. 

4. Though obstacles will arise and moments of fear and doubt may wish to discourage, a 

dream to succeed becomes a reality with persistence and determination. 

5. For without action the dream will remain dormant and unfulfilled. 

6. If you ask any famous entrepreneur how they got where they are today, they would tell 

you by being persistent. 

7. The best thing about failure is that it becomes an ingredient in the end result of a 

fulfilled dream. 

8. Their success was the direct result of many failings. 

Section C I 

和.III I. _.「.遥 

Directions: Write a short essay with a clear central idea and effective development in about 150 

words. You should base your writing on the following information and give consideration to the 

unity, coherence and variety of each paragraph. 

Everyone has a lot of dreams. Some people want to be rich, dreaming of 

becoming millionaires overnight. Others want to be famous, dreaming of 

suddenly jumping to great fame. What's your dream for the future in your life? 

209 



--- Page 222 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Improving Your Reading (1) — Use Skimming & Scanning 

where you only need the shallowest knowledge of a subject, you can skim material. 

Skimming is used to quickly gather the most important information, or "gist". Run your eyes 

over the text, noting important information. Ifs not essential to understand each word when 

skimming. 

If you need a moderate level of information on a subject, then you can scan the text. 

Scanning is used to find a particular piece of information. Run your eyes over the text looking 

for the specific piece of information you need. You can then speed read the contents of the 

chapters, picking out and understanding key words and concepts. If you see words or phrases 

that you don't understand, don't worry when scanning. 

Only when you need full knowledge of a subject is it worth studying the text in detail. 

Here it's best to skim the material first to get an overview of the subject. This gives you an 

understanding of its structure, into which you can then fit the details gained from a full reading 

of the material. 

210 



--- Page 223 ---

山織:... 

The Value of Money 

A Famous Quote 

Never spend your money before you have it, 

钱财未到手，绝不提前花。 

—Thomas Jefferson 

—托马斯•杰斐逊 

Thomas Jefferson (1743-1826), the third President of the United 

States and the primary author of the Declaration of Independence. 



--- Page 224 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Showing Agreement and Disagreement 

Sample 9滅獅mmm 

Read the following conversation. Pay attention to how the speaker agrees or disagrees with the 

other. 

Steve: Would you agree that Australian English and British English are very similar? 

Alice: I'm not sure I quite agree. 

Steve: Oh, what's your experience, then? 

Alice: I'd just like to say that they're very different. It's true that Australians speak 

English, but even people from Britain and America find it difficult to understand 

their accent. 

Steve: Well, you have a point there, but not all Australians speak with a strong accent. 

Alice: Really? 

Steve: Yes, you see, generally speaking, the more highly educated they are, the less 

typically Australian their speech is. 

Alice: Yes, you're quite right. 

GmMm纖 Practice 

Directions: You and your friend hold opposite views when discussing some controversial issue. 

Express your agreement and disagreement. Use the following tips when necessary. 

I quite agree. 

Yes, of course. 

I'd go along with you on that. 

I couldn't agree more! 

I'm with you there. 

That's exactly my opinion/view, too. 

You have a point there, but... 

There's some/a lot of truth in what you say, but... 

I agree in principle/on the whole, but... 

I'm not really sure if 1 would agree with you on that. 

212 



--- Page 225 ---

I can't accept that. 

You can't be serious. 

You must be joking. 

Unit:按 ‘The Vaiu爲of Money 

Pre-rca " In® ®««s4i®ns 

1. Recall and describe how your parents allocated pocket money to you and how you spent it. 

2. What influence does the way of giving pocket money have on kids' finance management? 

Teaching Children to Spend Pocket Money Wisely 

School-going children need pocket money for food, stationery and bus fares. Parents give 

pocket money to their children in different ways. Some give a lump sum at the beginning of a 

month or a week. Others prefer to give pocket money on a daily basis. The way in which pocket 

money is given affects how money is spent or saved. On the other hand, the children's spending 

habits may affect how pocket money is given. 

Pocket money given on a daily basis is sometimes termed as "food money". Children 

usually use the pocket money to buy food during recess and also at lunch hour if they have 

school activities in the afternoon. They learn how to manage small sums of money. As the 

money is limited, they have to control their spending. Some parents choose this method of 

allocating pocket money in order to prevent their children from overspending, hoping that in 

time they can be trusted with larger sums of money. Parents who earn daily wages may also opt 

for this due to financial constraints. 

Giving pocket money on a daily basis places responsibilities of budgeting on the parents, 

instead of the child. The child may spend every single cent of the daily pocket money by 

overindulging in junk food, as they know they will get another sum of money the next day. This 

results in children being short-sighted in their spending. The thought of saving money never 

crossed their minds. They may develop the mentality that money is meant to be spent. Others 

spend more than they are given. They borrow from their siblings or their classmates when they 

feel like indulging themselves. Then they may ask for money to pay off their debts. This habit 

213 



--- Page 226 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

of borrowing causes them to depend on others to solve their problems. In such instances, the 

purpose of rationing is defeated. 

Children need to learn how to budget their money. Some parents go by the "learning by 

doin吕1" principle and give their children lump sums at the beginning of the month, and by the 

third week of the month their account is already dry. 

On the other hand, some learn to budget their pocket money very well and even have 

savings at the end of the month. They do not borrow money unnecessarily. In other words, 

they learn to spend within their means. The key to doing this is to differentiate between needs 

and wants. Buy the necessary first, and indulge ourselves only if there is money left. This habit, 

when inculcated since young, stands them in good stead when they start working and earning 

their own money. It enables them to resist the temptation of "buy now and pay later" schemes. 

Formation of any habit starts at a tender age. There is no be村er way to teach children to 

manage money than to start with their pocket money. They need to learn the importance of 

budgeting right from kindergarten days. It is a good idea to start with daily pocket money and 

move on to monthly pocket money. When children learn to spend within their means, they are 

able to manage their finances well later in their lives. 

曆藝r捕s 

stationery /'steijanri/ n. 

materials for writing and for using in an office, for 

example paper, pens and envelopes 文具 

fare /fe3(r)/ 化 

the money that you pay to travel by bus, plane, taxi, 

etc.车费；船费；飞机票价 

lump sum /,lAmp 'sAm/ n. 

an amount of money that is paid at one time and not on 

separate occasions —次总付的钱款 

recess /ri'ses/ n. 

a period of time between lessons at school 课间休息 

allocate /'aebkeit/ v. 

to give something officially to somebody/something for 

a particular purpose 拨（给）；划（给）；分配（给） 

overspend /.auva'spend/ v. 

to spend too much money or more than you planned 

花钱过多；比（预计的）花得多；超支 

opt /Dpt/ u. 

to choose to take or not to take a particular course of 

action选择；挑选 

constraint /kan'streint/ n. 

a thing that limits or restricts something, or your 

freedom to do something 限制；限定；约束 

budget /'bAdsit/ v. 

to be careful about the amount of money you spend; 

to plan to spend an amount of money for a particular 

purpose谨慎花钱；把…编入预算 

214 



--- Page 227 ---

Unit 6 Th燃 Value of Money 

overindulge /,9uv9rin'dAld3/ v. 

to have too much of something nice, especially food or 

drink过多地享用（尤指食物或饮料） 

short-sighted /Joit 'saitid/ adj. 

not thinking carefully about the possible effects of 

something or what might happen in the future 目光短 

浅的；没有远见的 

mentality /men'taelati/ n. 

the particular attitude or way of thinking of a person or 

group心态；思想状况；思想方法 

sibling /'siblig/ n. 

a brother or sister 兄；弟；姐；妹 

indulge /in'dAld3/ v. 

to allow yourself to have or do something that you like, 

especially something that is considered bad for you 沉 

涵，沉迷，沉溺（于…） 

rationing /'raejanig/ n. 

the policy of limiting the amount of food, fuel, etc. that 

people are allowed to have when there is not enough 

for everyone to have as much as they want 定量酉S给政 

策；配给制 

principle /'prmsopl/ n. 

a belief that is accepted as a reason for acting or 

thinking in a particular way 观念；（行动、思想的）理 

由，信条 

unnecessarily /Aii'nesssorsli/ a过v. 

not by necessity; needlessly 没必要地 

differentiate /.difa'renjieit/ v. 

to recognize or show that two things are not the 

same区分；区别；辨别 

inculcate /'inkAlkeit/ v. 

to cause somebody to learn and remember ideas, moral 

principles, etc., especially by repeating them often 反 

复灌输；淳淳教诲 

resist /n'zist/ v. 

to stop yourself from having something you like or 

doing something you very much want to do 忍住； 

抵挡 

temptation /temp'teijn/ n. 

the desire to do or have something that you know is 

bad or wrong引诱；诱惑 

scheme /skiim/ n. 

a plan or system for doing or organizing something 计 

划；方案；体系：体制 

formation /foi'meijn/ n. 

the action of forming something; the process of being 

kindergarten /'kindsgaitn/ n. 

a nursery school 幼儿园 

formed组成；形成 

monthly /'mAn01i/ adj. 

paid, valid or calculated for one month 按月结算的； 

有效期为一个月的 

215 



--- Page 228 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Phrases an禮 Em層龍ssimm 

on a daily basis 

every day每日地 

result In 

pay off，•• 

to make something happen 导室义 

to finish paying money owed for sth 付清；偿清 

within one's means 

only spending what can be afforded 量入为出 

stand ... in good stead 

to be useful or helpful to someone when needed (需要时）对某人有用， 

对某人有利 

’ Sentences 

1. The child may spend every single cent of the daily pocket money by overindulging in junk 

food, as they know they will get another sum of money the next day. 

孩子知道第二天还能得到一笔零花钱，因而会花光每一分钱，暴食垃圾食品。 

2. This habit, when inculcated since young, stands them in good stead when they start working 

and earning their own money. 

当他们开始工作赚钱，年幼时受到淳淳教诲而养成的习惯就会使他们受益。 

Mmtmm 

1. Learning by doing is a concept within economic theory. It refers to the capability of workers 

to improve their productivity by regularly repeating the same type of action. The increased 

productivity is achieved through practice, self-perfection and minor innovations. 

Checking Your Comprehension 

Exercises 

Directions: Choose the best answer to each question from the information given in the passage. 

1. The passage is mainly about_. 

A) how to budget pocket money for kids 

B) how to help kids manage their pocket money 

C) how to prevent kids from overspending 

D) how to help kids form the habit of saving 

2. What is termed as "food money" in the passage? 

A) Wages obtained on a daily basis. 

B) Money spent on everyday food. 

C) Pocket money given on a daily basis. 

D) Money used to buy snacks and food. 

216 



--- Page 229 ---

Unit 6 The Valu爲贷f Money 

3. Parents who earn a living on a daily basis may_. 

A) help their kids to form the habit of saving money 

B) enable their kids to handle large sums of money 

C) prevent their kids from spending every penny 

D) prefer to allocate to their kids pocket money every day 

4. Giving pocket money on a daily basis may_. 

A) place heavy loads of responsibilities on kids 

B) overindulge kids in their desire for books 

C) make kids unaware of the necessity of saving 

D) contribute to children's poor eyesight 

5. To spend money within your means, you should_. 

A) not borrow money from your siblings 

B) distinguish between needs and wants 

C) form a good habit of saving first 

D) resist all the temptation of buying 

f Building Your Vocabulary 

'地。. r~I 
Section A | 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. It is improper to_between pupils according to their family background. 

(different, differentiate) 

2. He had been a strict father but was_to his grandchildren, (indulge, 

indulgent) 

3. We anticipate that we will meet a certain amount of_to our plan, (resist, 

resistance) 

4. Established musicians have a_to guide and assist young musicians. 

(responsibility, responsible) 

5. This article has analyzed the_of crime psychology theoretically, (formation, 

form) 

6. It's very foolish of the commander to expose his men to_risks, (unnecessary, 

necessary) 

217 



--- Page 230 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section B 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

constraint budget mentality principle 

temptation scheme allocate monthly 

1. That will place a strong_on job growth in those cyclical sectors. 

2. They lack the power to raise funds or to_spending. 

3. The first_here is to develop production and ensure supply. 

4. It turns out that the_is good both in theory and in practice. 

5. The team leader must provide_reports on all the group's activities and 

expenditures. 

6. If you are asked what you would do in a certain situation, resist the_to 

answer before you've asked some questions of your own. 

Section u 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a proper word. 

1. Attendance at the meeting was small, due partly_the absence of teachers. 

2. His health suffered from over-indulgence_rich food and drink. 

3. Kids should form the habit of saving money_a regular basis. 

4. Heavy rain caused a severe car accident, resulting_the death of two 

passengers. 

5. As a result of recession, people have learned to live_their means. 

6. _principle, the new software should make the accounting system a !ot 

simpler. 

議 Bridging the Gap 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with a word or a phrase that best completes the passage. You may 

choose a suitable one from the list given. 

i basic grow invest ideally called i 

i now that wasteful accumulated where direct i 
、、... 

.\、 

Money management can actually be broken down into a very simple practice that even 

a fourth grader can do in his young life. The_1_step to being on your wealth path 

is knowing how much you really do need in your life and how you can 2_the 

218 

