

--- Page 232 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

importance of spending by asking kids to separate their money into at least three portions. One 

is for immediate spending, one for short term savings (outings, video games, etc.) and the third 

is for long term savings (a car, college, etc.). In some families, they add a fourth category, which 

is for donating, teaching children the value and importance of helping those less fortunate. 

Organizing Your Ideas 

Directions: Put the following sentences in the proper order so that they make a complete 

paragraph. 

1. For starters, if you aren't a reader, you should start with that. 

2. You can also take courses and a行end seminars. 

3. These programs are taught by people who have spent decades figuring out how to make 

some aspect of their life work and now they are going to teach you how to do it. 

4. Of course, you want to do some research before you invest in some of these seminars 

and make sure you're not just paying for some sales presentation. 

5. Reading books can really expand your mind and allow you to learn so many different 

skills and gain knowledge that will help you in all areas of your life. 

6. So what are some specific things you can do? 

Reflecting on the Text 

Currently, many kids growing up in cities tend to be spoiled due to their excessive pocket 

money at hand. However, parents don't deem the habit of overspending as an influential factor 

in developing kids' personalities. What's your opinion about pocket money management? Could 

you give suggestions on how to teach kids to manage finances wisely? 

Pre-reatfing 輸mmti卷m% 

1. what do you think of the old saying, "money is the root of all evil"? 

2. Do you believe how people think about money determines whether their money flow is 

constant? 

220 



--- Page 233 ---

The Importance of Money in Life 

Unit 6 The Valu燃 ©f Money 

what were you taught about money as you were growing up? Something like "money 

doesn't grow on trees", or "money is the root of all evi|i", or maybe "all rich people are 

greedy"? 

Well, how do you expect to become a success financially if you believe these things? You 

attract into your life what you are thinking about and what you believe. If you think there is not 

enough money in this world for everyone you will never have enough money. That is called the 

Law of Attraction^ 

First of all, believing that "money doesn't grow on trees" is an example of what's called 

lack or scarcity programming. Our parents taught us that there was never enough money to 

go around, and that it was not readily available or abundant. But in truth, the universe is very 

abundant, and there is lots of money to go around for everyone. Just think what you could do 

if you have as much money as your heart desires. What wonderful things you could do with 

it: travel to the countries you have always dreamt of, buy a house you are even scared to think 

about, attend meditation classes so you could spiritually grow, donate money to your favorite 

charity, spend more quality time with your family, and the list goes on. 

The key is to start thinking that you deserve the money and that there is lots of it available 

for you, and then you can start a村racting it into your life. That's abundance thinking, which is 

the opposite of lack or scarcity thinking. When you start thinking about the abundance the Law 

of A行raction will do the rest. You do not need to know how it is going to happen. Just make the 

first step, first thought. Starting is already winning. 

And what about thinking that "money is the root of all evil"? Can you really expect to 

become a success if you believe that money is the root of all evil? Unless you have a desire to 

be an evil person, your subconscious will not let you have money if you believe deep down that 

it is the root of all evil. 

By the way, that quote is taken out of context in the first place. It was originally stated as "the 

love of money is the root of all evil". So it has nothing to do with the money itself. 

Now that you understand that, you can start to think that money is in fact good. You can 

help people with money. You can stimulate the economy with money. Even the most kind- 

hearted spiritual person, who says they don't need money, can do more to make the world a 

better place with money than without it. 

And what about thinking that "all rich people are greedy"? Well, that creates us versus 

them, whereby you have labeled all of "them" greedy in your mind. You, on the other hand, are 

very giving in your mind. That's why you don't have money, because you're not greedy. 

221 



--- Page 234 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Sure, there must be some rich people in the world who are greedy. But there are also poor 

people who are greedy. There are both rich and poor people who are very giving as well. The 

amount of money you have has nothing to do with these character traits. 

In fact, a lot of rich people got there by not being greedy. Having a giving attitude opens 

up a flow of money that often brings them more. You will find the same thing: give away money 

joyfully to a friend, and notice that it comes back to you in some other form. The world needs 

to be a balance of give and take, and being joyful both as you give and receive will ensure that 

you always go with the flow. 

And changing your mindset from what you were taught as a child to a healthier view 

of money will allow you to become the financial success you deserve to be, to become the 

real you. 

Mew W©r^s 

root /ruit/ n. 

the main cause of something, such as a problem or 

difficult situation 根源；起因 

evil /'iivl/ n. 

a force that causes bad things to happen; morally bad 

behaviour邪恶；罪恶；恶行 

greedy /'griidi/ adj. 

wanting more money, power, food, etc. than you really 

need贪婪的；贪心的 

financially /fai'naenjali/ adv. 

from a financial point of view 经济上 

readily /'redili/ adv. 

quickly and without difficulty 快捷地；轻而易举地； 

便利地 

available /s'veibbl/ adj. 

(of things) that you can get, buy or find 可获得的；可 

购得的；可找到的 

abundant /s'bAndant/ adj. 

existing in large quantities; more than enough 大量的； 

丰盛的；充裕的 

universe /'juinivsis/ n. 

the whole of space and everything in it 宇宙；天地万物； 

万象 

scared /skead/ adj. 

frightened of something or afraid that something bad 

might happen害怕的；恐惧的；误惧的；担心的 

meditation /imedi'tei/n/ n. 

the practice of thinking deeply in silence, especially for 

religious reasons or in order to make your mind calm 

冥想；沉思；深思 

donate /dsu'neit/ v. 

to give money, food, clothes, etc. to somebody/something, 

especially a charity (尤指向慈善机构）捐赠，赠送 

favorite /'feivarit/ adj. 

(Am口 liked more than others of the same kind 最喜爱的 

222 



--- Page 235 ---

Uniit 授 Th贷 Value of Money 

charity /'tjaerati/ n. 

an organization for helping people in need 慈善机构 

(或组织） 

abundance /s'bAndans/ n. 

a large quantity that is more than enough 大量；丰盛； 

充裕 

opposite /'opazit/ 

a person or thing that is as different as possible from 

somebody/something else对立的人（或物）；对立面； 

反面 

subconscious /.SAb'kDnJas/ n. 

the part of your mind that has thoughts and feelings you 

do not know about 潜意识 

originally /9'rid39n9li/ adv. 

used to describe the situation that existed at the 

beginning原来；起初 

stimulate /'stimjuleit/ v. 

to make something develop or become more active; to 

encourage something 促进；激发；激励 

economy /I'konami/ n. 

the relationship between production, trade and the 

supply of money in a particular country or region 经济； 

经济情况；经济结构 

versus /'vaisss/ prep. 

used to show that two teams or sides are against each 

other (表示两队或双方对阵）对，诉，对抗 

whereby /wes'bai/ conj. 

by which; because of which 凭此；藉W;由于 

label /'leibl/ v. 

to describe somebody/something in a particular way, 

especially unfairly (尤指不公正地）把…称为 

joyfully /'d30if9li/ adv. 

in a way that shows happiness 快乐地 

balance /'baebns/ n. 

a situation in which different things exist in equal, 

correct or good amounts 均衡；平衡；均势 

mindset /'maindset/ n. 

a set of attitudes or fixed ideas that somebody has and 

that are often difficult to change 观念模式；思维倾向 

WMwmsms mmM lMpr®ssi©fis 

deep down if you know or feel something deep down, you secretly know or feel it even 

open up to become or make something possible, available or able to be reached (使 

though you do not admit it 实际上；在心底 

某事物）成为可能，可得到，可达到 

麗鑛繁觀mtm龍輸％ 

1. Unless you have a desire to be an evil person, your subconscious will not let you have 

money if you believe deep down that it is the root of all evil. 

如果你从心底认同金钱是万恶之源，那么除非你想当个恶人，否则，你的潜意识就不 

会让你有钱0 



--- Page 236 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

2. The world needs to be a balance of give and take, and being joyful both as you give and 

receive will ensure that you always go with the flow. 

在这世上，给予和接受是需要相互平衡的，只有乐于接受，同时也乐于给予，才能保 

证你永远不会为钱发愁。 

麵tms 

1. The original biblical quotation means "the love of money is the root of all evil" (or all kinds 

of evil), and has been translated into English as such since the King James Version. However, 

it has frequently been mistranslated, as "money is the root of all evil", and the latter has 

become well-known malapropism. 

2. The Law of Attraction is a pseudoscientific belief or theory, that "like a行racts like", and that by 

focusing on positive or negative thoughts, one can bring about positive or negative results. 

WxmwmMes 

禱 Checking Your Comprehension 

Section A 

Directions: Read the following statements and mark Y (for Yes) if the statement agrees with the 

information given in the text; N (for No) if the statement contradicts the information given in the 

text; NG (for Not Given) if the information is not given in the text 

( )1. If you believe "money is the root of all evil", you may encounter more difficulties 

on the way to financial success. 

( )2. The author considers it as a fact that the universe is abundant and enough money 

is available around us. 

( )3. The author gives many suggestions to children on how to spend money. 

( )4. Abundance thinking has negative influence on the way you live. 

( )5. According to the author, the root of all evil has nothing to do with the money 

itself. 

( )6. People should have abundance thinking for the Law of Attraction functions well in 

people's daily life. 

Section B I 

Directions: Complete the following sentences with the information given in the text. 

1. With money you can move on to different countries you have_. 

2. Abundance thinking and lack thinking are_. 



--- Page 237 ---

Unit 6 The Value of Money 

3. The amount of money you have has nothing to do with character_. 

4. A flow of money may be brought out by having_. 

5. If you want to have a constant flow of money, you should be_both when 

you give and receive. 

6. To become a financial success, you should change your current mindset to_. 

Building Your Vocabulary 

r~i 
Section A i 
-J 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. People are looking forward to stores with an 

of commodity supplies. 

(abundant, abundance) 

2. Young children usually have a_soft object like a stuffed animal or a 

blanket, (favourite, favour) 

3. Jack wanted to invite the beautiful girl out, but was_that she would refuse. 

(scare, scared) 

4. A successful businessman made a small_in his wife's name, (donation, 

donate) 

5. The Great Sphinx in Egypt might have_had the face of a lion, a UK geologist 

claimed recently, (original, originally) 

6. The country has been in a very poor_state ever since the decline of its two 

major industries, (economic, economy) 

Section B_| 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

I \ 

....、、 
I stimulate available abundant greedy ； 

I charity subconscious universe readily i 

1. Funds are_to assist students who want to pursue further studies. 

2. There is_evidence that cars have a harmful effect on the environment. 

3. Her interest in designing was_by her father since her childhood. 

4. An anonymous businesswoman donated one million dollars to the local_. 

5. With so many stars in the_, are we alone, or is there life out there in space? 

6. Medical inventions are_embraced by doctors and patients. 

225 



--- Page 238 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section C 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. As a schoolgirl, she dreamed_becoming an actress. 

2. If you spend any time in prison, you're labeled_a criminal for the rest of 

your life. 

3. New tax measures are designed to keep the balance_rich and poor. 

4. The little boy seems insecure, but deep_he's quite confident. 

5. The new catalogue will open_the market for our products. 

6. People are bombarded with information_the form of TV advertising. 

:芹 Translation 
r—I 
Section A I 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. Meetings will be held to update employees_ 

(只要一有新信息).(available) 

2. The book seems_(在我面前揭示出一个我所 

不熟悉的新世界).(open up) 

3. The proposal adopted by the new president was aimed_ 

_(刺激经济增长).(stimulate) 

4. It was unexpected that an anonymous man_ 

(给癌症研究捐助超过10万美元).(donate) 

5. I口 terms of my past experience, this proposal_ 

(值得认真考虑).(deserve) 

Section B | 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

How do people think about money? There is a truth that- many people value money too 

highly. They think money is all and believe that "money is a passport to anything". So they 

can do anything, even immoral and illegal things in order to have money. Robbers are ready 

to kill others cruelly for merely dozens of dollars. Traders are ready to cheat in commerce to 

appropriate more money. Officials themselves, who have much power and influence on society, 

trample on their honour and others' interests. 

226 



--- Page 239 ---

Unit 6 The Value of Money 

獅 yshWmg 
Section A 

r- 

Directions: Rewrite the following by putting the short sentences into compound or complex 

sentences, or sentences with participial, prepositional, or other phrases. 

1. A German is coming to see me. I made his acquaintance in Hamburg last year. 

2. Any of these problems can be solved by ordinary intelligence and hard work. None of 

them are too difficult for us. 

3. The children felt exhausted. They fell asleep at once. 

4. My wife was using the vacuum cleaner. I was trying to listen to a broadcast play. 

5. You promise to behave yourself. You shall not go to the party this afternoon. 

Section B I . 

Directions: Complete the following paragraph by choosing one statement from the column 

below. 

(1)_. Where Britons end certain words with -5e Americans usually end the 

same words with -ce (British practise vs. American practice); (2)_(British defence 

vs. American defense). Notice also the British preference for final -re over the American -er (metre 

vs. meter). Finally most Americans consider neighbor a correct spelling, (3)_and 

spells it in another way. 

A. but a Briton characteristically adds a u 

B. but American spelling prevails among the youth 

C. Minor differences exist between American and British spelling 

D. the reverse is sometimes true, too 

227 



--- Page 240 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section C | 

Directions: Write a short essay on Students' Pursuit of Famous Brands in about 150 words. You 

should base your writing on the following news report (excerpt) and give consideration to the 

unity, coherence and variety of each paragraph. 

Nearly 60 percent of students at the city's high schools, colleges and 

universities said they had owned at least one luxury-brand product, according 

to a survey conducted by the Shenzhen branch of the KFC fast-food chain. 

The products mainly include digital products, watches, bags and accessories, 

the survey said. 
_m ,_ 

Tips for English Learning 
' 當心 I- ( I 

Improving Your Reading (2) — Guess Word Meaning 

First, look at the title of the passage if there is one. You can get the general idea of it. Then you 

pay attention to the first and last sentence of every paragraph of the passage. Usually you can get the 

main idea of the paragraph. Third, through the context, you guess the new words that you come 

across. Finally, note the style and tone in order to get the writer's implication in meaning. 

Reading is a fantastic way to learn new vocabulary. Try reading short stories rather than 

long novels. These are often broken down into short chapters, which can be read and then 

analyzed for language. Don't feel that you have to understand every word. Try to get the general 

meaning. Underline unknown words and try to guess their meaning from context. You can use 

your dictionary later to look them up and check if you were right. Use graded readers. These 

tend to have questions designed to test comprehension of what you have just read. 

228 



--- Page 241 ---

Inner Voice 
m m  Famous Quote 

Your mind knows only some things. Your inner voice, 

your instinct, knows everything. 

——Henry Franklin Winkler 

你的头脑只了解一些事情，你的也声、你的直觉却洞 

悉一巧。 

亨利•富兰克林*溢苑歡 

Henry Franklin Winkler (1 945-), American actor, director, 

producer and author. He has directed and produced several award¬ 

winning television series. 



--- Page 242 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

^Speaking Activity 

Showing Unpleasant Feelings 

Sample ®iai#siie 

Read the following conversation. Pay attention to how the speakers express unpleasant feelings. 

Mr Green: 

Do you know how late it is? 

John: 

My fault. I didn't realize what time it was. 

Mr Green: 

I hope you don't think that excuse lets you off the hook. 

John: 

Not really. I'm telling the truth. 

Mr Green: 

Haven't I asked you to call if you're going to be home late? 

John: 

This is true, but it must have slipped my mind. 

Mr Green: 

Regardless, all you had to do was give a call. 

John: 

I know. I should have called. 

Mr Green: 

Come home late one more time, and you'll find your stuff outside. 

John: 

You want to throw me out over this? 

Mr Green: 

That's right, maybe then you'll respect my rules. 

John: 

That's fine, because if I leave, then your rules won't ma村er. 

Directions: Recall something unpleasant that happened in your life, and express your feelings. 

燃mMm鐵 Practice 

You may use the following tips to help you. 

Do you know ... ? 

My fault. I didn't realize ... 

I hope you don't... 

Not really. I'm telling the truth. 

Haven't I ... ? 

I know I should have ... 

230 



--- Page 243 ---

Unit 7 Inner Voice 

’詩盼rewMm鷄 questioiis 

1. Do you believe that your inner voice will always lead you down the right path? 

2. Have you ever been in a situation in which your inner voice urged you to take action? 

Your Inner Voice 

My day started just like all the other days for the past 15 years where I get up, make some 

coffee, shower, get dressed and leave for the train station at precisely 7:35 A.M. to arrive at 

work by 8:30. While on the train I would always choose a seat away from the crowd so I can 

read the newspaper in peace and quiet. At work I am always being bombarded with questions 

from coworkers, suppliers, the telephone and then those dreaded meetings, so the last thing I 

need is some stranger to sit beside me and make small talk. 

I don't know why but for some reason when I got on the train that day it was unusually 

full, something I don't recall ever happening in the past. With hesitation I sat down in the only 

seat available beside a middle-aged man who had his head down and seemed to be lost in his 

thoughts. I was glad that he didn't notice when I sat next to him as he just continued to look 

down towards the floor. 

Shortly after the train left for my 30-minute ride downtown I found myself wondering what 

this man was thinking about. What could be so important that he didn't even see me sit next to 

him? I tried to forget about it and started to read my paper. However, for some strange reason 

this inner voice kept prompting me to talk to this man. I tried to ignore the voice, as there was 

no way I was starting a conversation with a complete stranger. 

As you probably guessed, I eventually broke down and came up with an excuse to ask 

him a question. When he raised his head and turned his eyes towards me I could see that he 

must have been really upset as he had red eyes and still had some tears rolling down the side of 

his face despite his feeble attempt to wipe them away. I can't describe the sadness I felt seeing 

someone in so much pain. 

We talked for about 20 minutes and in the end he seemed to be doing better. As we were 

leaving the train he thanked me profusely for being an angel by taking the time to talk. I never 

did find out what was making his heart so heavy with pain but was glad I listened to the voice 

that day. 

231 



--- Page 244 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Several weeks had passed when I noticed an envelope on my desk after returning 

from lunch. It was not addressed to anyone and only had the word angel written on it. My 

receptionist attached a note saying a gentleman dropped it off saying he did not know my name 

but had described me well enough that the receptionist knew it was for me. When I read the 

note inside the envelope I was so filled with emotions that I couldn't contain myself. It was a 

letter from the man I met on the train thanking me again for talking to him and saving his life 

that day. 

Apparently he had some very hurtful personal problems that were so overwhelming that 

he was planning to take his own life that day. In his le村er he went on to explain that he was a 

religious person and in desperation screamed out to God that if God really cared about him he 

would send someone to prevent him from taking his own life. In his eyes I was that someone, 

that Angel sent by God. ' 

Not being a religious person myself, I don't know what that voice was that made me take a 

chance and talk to a stranger, but I do know that it made a difference in someone's life that day. 

So the next time you feel prompted for no apparent reason to talk to a friend, relative, neighbor 

or even a complete stranger please remember my story. You just may make a difference in 

someone's life when you listen to your inner voice. 

徹mm W®rds 

inner /'maCr)/ adj. (of feelings, etc.) private and secret; not expressed or 

shown to other people 内心的；隐藏的 

precisely 

/pri'saisli/ adv. 

exactly准确地；恰巧地 

bombard 

/bDm'baid/ v. 

to do something too often or too much, for example 

criticizing or questioning someone, or giving too much 

information大肆拌击；连珠炮似地质问；提供过多信息 

dreaded 

/'dredid/ adj. 

causing fear令人害怕的；可怕的 

small talk 

/'smoil to:k/ n. 

polite conversation about ordinary or unimportant 

subjects, especially at social occasions 寒喧；闲谈； 

聊天 

hesitation /.hezi'teijn/ n. 

the act of pausing uncertainly 犹豫 

wonder 

/'wAnd^Cr)/ V. 

to think about something and try to decide what is true, 

what will happen, what you should do, etc.想矢□道； 

想弄明白；琢磨 

prompt 

/prompt/ V. 

to make somebody decide to do something; to cause 

something to happen 促使；导致：激起 

232 



--- Page 245 ---

Unit 7 Inner ¥oice 

complete /kam'pliit/ adj. 

used when you are emphasizing something, to mean "to 

the greatest degree possible"(用 W强调）完全的，彻 

底的 

upset /.Ap'set/ adj. 

unhappy or disappointed because of something unpleasant 

that has happened难过的；不高兴的；沮丧的 

roll /raul/ v. 

to turn over and over and move in a particular 

direction; to make a round object do this (使）顯祿， 

緣动 

despite /di'spait/ prep. 

used to show that something happened or is true 

although something else might have happened to 

prevent it即使；尽管 

feeble /'fiibl/ adj. 

not effective; not showing determination or energy 无 

效的；无力的 

attempt /a'tempt/ n. 

an act of trying to do something, especially something 

difficult, often with no success 企图；试图；尝试 

wipe /waip/ v. 

to remove dirt, liquid, etc. from something by using a 

cloth, your hand, etc.(用布、手等）擦干净，抹掉 

profusely /pro'fjuisli/ adv. 

in an abundant manner 大量地；连连地 

address /s'dres/ v. 

to write on an envelope, etc. the name and address of 

the person, company, etc. that you are sending it to by 

mail写（收信人）姓名地址；致函 

receptionist /n'sepjsnist/ n. 

a person whose job is to deal with people arriving at 

or telephoning a hotel, an office building, a doctor's 

surgery, etc.接待员 

attach /s'taetj/ v. 

to fasten or join one thing to another 手己…固定，手己… 

附（在…上） 

emotion /iimaujn/ 打. 

a strong feeling such as love, fear or anger; the part of a 

person's character that consists of feelings 弓虽烈的感情； 

情感；情绪 

contain /ksn'tem/ v. 

to keep your feelings under control 控制，克串ij，抑制 

(感情） 

apparently /s'pasrantli/ adv. 

according to what you have heard or read; according to 

the way something appears 据.••所知；看来；显然 

overwhelming /.auva'welmig/ adj. 

very great or very strong; so powerful that you cannot 

resist it or decide how to react 巨大的；压倒性的；无 

法抗拒的 

scream /skriim/ v. 

to shout something in a loud, high voice because of 

fear, anger, etc.高声喊，大声叫 

233 



--- Page 246 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Phrases 纖ntf Ewwmmsimm 

be lost in one's thought to be concentrating so much on one's thoughts that one is not aware of 

break down to fail 失败 

one's surroundings P自入沉思 

come up with 

drop... off 

to find or produce an answer, etc.找到（答案等） 

to deliver something on the way to somewhere else (顺路）丰E..•放下 

take one's own life 

to kill oneself 自杀 

in desperation in the state of despair 在绝望中；走投无路 

care about sb to like or love somebody and worry about what happens to them 关心; 

take a chance 

to decide to do something, knowing that it might be the wrong 

关怀 

make a difference 

to have an effect on somebody/something 有作用；产生影响 

choice冒险 

狐嘱亀瞧tmmm% 

1. At work I am always being bombarded with questions from coworkers, suppliers, the 

telephone and then those dreaded meetings, so the last thing I need is some stranger to sit 

beside me and make small talk. 

王作中，我要无休止地应对同事、供应商提出的各种问题，电话总是响个不停，还有 

那些令人恐惧的会议，所W我最不想做的事就是和坐在身边的陌生人闲聊。 

2. When I read the note inside the envelope I was so filled with emotions that I couldn't 

contain myself. 

读着信封里的便条，我激动得不能自己。 

戀 Checking Your Comprehension 

EMcrcises 

Directions: Choose the best answer to each question from the information given in the passage. 

1. Why did the author always choose a seat away from the crowd? 

A) To have a rest on his way to the office. 

B) To prepare for a new day's work. . 

C) To avoid being recognized by his coworkers. 

D) To read the newspaper in peace and quiet. 

2. The author sat beside the middle-aged man because 

A) his inner voice prompted him to do so 

B) he mistook the man for someone in his office 

234 



--- Page 247 ---

Unit 7 Inner Voice 

C) it was the only seat he could find in the crowded train 

D) the man looked down all the time and didn't notice him 

3. Why did the author eventually start a conversation with the man? 

A) To know what happened to him. 

B) To follow his inner voice. 

C) To stop him from killing himself. 

D) To share with him a story in the paper. 

4. Why did the man give up the idea of killing himself? 

A) He took the author as an angel sent by God to save him. 

B) He found it interesting to talk to the author. 

C) The author helped him solve his personal problem. 

D) The author asked him to give up that idea. 

5. What is the author's suggestion to the readers? 

A) Follow your inner voice and it may matter in someone's life. 

B) Listen to a friend and you will be happy. 

C) Make small talk with a stranger and you may save his life. 

D) Help people and they may make a difference in your life. 

喔 Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A | 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. We were in_the same financial position as before, (precise, precisely) 

2. My parents never_to tell me when I look bad. (hesitate, hesitation) 

3. An attractive garden pond can be a_home for wildlife, (wonder, wonderful) 

4. The accused man showed little sign of_as he was sentenced, (emotion, 

emotional) 

5. There is widespread public_about how the disease is spread, (ignore, 

ignorance) 

6. There has been a_ breakdown of trust and confidence, (complete, 

completely) 

235 



--- Page 248 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section B h. 
Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

prompt upset scream attempt 

inner overwhelm attach wipe 

1. A recent photograph should be_to your application form. 

2. The spokesperson has rejected all our_to talk to him. 

3. They are all still very_about losing the case. 

4. A (An)_majority of the members were against the idea. 

5. Many varied motives_individuals to join a political party. 

6. We all have conflicts within us that we would like to resolve. 

Section u 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. Lorraine didn't know me but she_a chance on my honesty. 

2. He could always come up_a reason for them to linger another month. 

3. She leaves_work at 7:30 every morning. 

4. In despair at his failure, he_his own life. 

5. Martin was lost_thought and did not hear the door open. 

6. She bombarded him_faxes and called his office repeatedly. 

Bridging the Gap 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with a word or a phrase that best completes the passage. You may 

choose a suitable one  from the list given. 

' 

/ 

I whose 

night interact 

accordingly 

view end up 

nonstop 

choose 

what 

opportunity 

、 
\ \ 

Our words have power, and our speech has the power to set the energy or the directions 

we 1_in our lives. If we say good and positive things, good and positive things 

(experiences) happen to us. These words give us the 2_to experience life from a 

positive or optimistic point of_3_. If, on the other hand, we come from negativity and 

say negative things, 4 , negative things happen to us or we 養 seeing life 

as one big problem or disappointment. 

While we are all familiar with our external speech or voice, we also have another voice 

236 

