

--- Page 250 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

龜義Organizing Your Ideas 

Directions: Put the following sentences in the proper order so that they make a complete 

paragraph. 

1. Stand relaxed with your hands loosely at your side and close your eyelids. 

2. Keep thinking and thanking until you feel your heart has truly opened up. 

3. Think about something or someone you are truly and deeply grateful for. 

4. Now ask your inner voice for any guiding message. 

5. Take a few deep breaths. Inhale and exhale through the nose slowly. 

6. Follow the steps below and commune with your wise inner guide. 

% Reflecting on the Text 

Your inner voice may tell you how to make correct decisions. However, in reality we are 

inclined to follow others, especially the majority. For instance, when an old man fell down in 

the street, a lot of people stood there watching but no one went to give the old man a hand, 

for they didn't want to get into trouble. What would you do in this situation? Would you follow 

your inner voice to help the old man or would you follow the crowd? Give your reasons. 

Pre-readine 擊msM誦m 

1. What do you think a smile indicates? 

2. What can a person do to make a good first impression? 

Make a Good First Impression 

At a dinner party in New York, one of the guests, a woman who had inherited money, 

was ea吕er to make a pleasing impression on everyone. She had squandered a modest 

fortune on sables, diamonds and pearls. But she hadn't done anything whatsoever about her 

face. It radiated sourness and selfishness. She didn't realize what everyone knows: namely, 

the expression one wears on one's face is far more important than the clothes one wears on 

one's back. 

238 



--- Page 251 ---

Unit 7 Inner Voice 

Actions speak louder than words, and a smile says, "I like you. You make me happy. I am 

glad to see you." That is why dogs make such a hit. They are so glad to see us that they almost 

jump out of their skins. So, naturally, we are glad to see them. 

A baby's smile has the same effect. 

Have you ever been in a doctor's waiting room and looked around at all the glum faces 

waiting impatiently to be seen? Dr. Stephen K. Sproul, a veterinarian in Raytown, Missouri, 

told of a typical spring day when his waiting room was full of clients waiting to have their pets 

inoculated. No one was talking to anyone else, and all were probably thinking of a dozen other 

things they would rather be doing than "wasting time" sitting in that office. He told one of our 

classes: 

"There were six or seven clients waiting when a young woman came in with a nine- 

month-old baby and a kitten. As luck would have it, she sat down next to a gentleman who was 

more than a little distraught about the long wait for service. The next thing he knew, the baby 

just looked up at him with that great big smile that is so characteristic of babies. What did that 

gentleman do? Just what you and I would do, of course; he smiled back at the baby. Soon he 

struck up a conversation with the woman about her baby and his grandchildren, and soon the 

entire reception room joined in, and the boredom and tension were converted into a pleasant 

and enjoyable experience." 

The ancient Chinese were a wise lot — wise in the ways of the world; and they had a 

proverb that you and I ought to cut out and paste inside our hats. It goes like this, "A man 

without a smiling face must not open a shop." i 

Your smile is a messenger of your goodwill. Your smile brightens the lives of all who see it. 

To someone who has seen a dozen people frown, scowl or turn their faces away, your smile is 

like the sun breaking through the clouds. Especially when that someone is under pressure from 

his bosses, his customers, his teachers or parents or children, a smile can help him realize that 

all is not hopeless — that there is joy in the world. 

Mmw Wmr€s 

inherit /in'herit/ v. to receive money, property, etc. from somebody when 

they die继承（金钱、财物等） 

pleasing 

/|pli:zi口/ adj. 

that gives you pleasure or satisfaction 令人高兴的；令 

人满意的 

squander 

/'skwDndoCr)/ v. 

to waste money, time, etc. in a stupid or careless 

way浪费，挥霍（金钱、时间等） 

239 



--- Page 252 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

modest /'iriDdist/ adj. 

not very large, expensive, important, etc.些许的；不 

太大的 

fortune /'foitjuin/ n. 

a large amount of money 大笔的钱；巨款 

sable /'seibl/ n. 

the skin and fur of the sable, used for making expensive 

coats and artists' brushes 貂皮 

radiate /'reidieit/ v. 

if a person radiates a particular quality or emotion, or if 

it radiates from them, people can see it very clearly (使 

品质或感情）显出，流露 

sourness /'sauanss/ n. 

the quality or condition of being not cheerful, bad- 

tempered or unpleasant阴郁；没好气；乖张的脾气 

namely /'neimli/ adv. 

used to introduce more exact and detailed information 

about something that you have just mentioned 即；也 

就是 

expression /ik'sprejn/ n. 

a look on a person's face that shows their thoughts or 

feelings表情；神色 

wear /we9(r)/ v. 

hit /hit/ n. 

to have a particular expression on your face 流露；面带 

a person or thing that is very popular 很受欢迎的人（或 

事物） 

glum /glAm/ adj. 

sad, quiet and unhappy忧郁的；闷闷不乐的 

veterinarian /.vetari'nearbn/ n. 

a person who has been trained in the science of animal 

medicine, whose job is to treat animals who are sick or 

injured 兽医 

inoculate /I'nokjuleit/ v. 

to protect a person or an animal from catching a 

particular disease by injecting them with a mild form of 

the disease (给…）接种，打预防针 

kitten /'kitn/ n. 

a young cat 小猫 

distraught /di'stroit/ adj. 

extremely upset and anxious so that you cannot think 

clearly心烦意乱的；心急如焚的 

characteristic /.kaerakt^'ristik/ adj. 

very typical of something or of somebody's character 典 

型的；独特的；特有的 

reception /ri'sepjn/ n. 

the area inside the entrance of a hotel, an office building, 

etc. where guests or visitors go first when they arrive 

接待处 ’ 

boredom /'boidam/ n. 

the state of feeling bored; the quality of being very 

boring厌烦：厌倦；无聊 

tension /'tenjn/ n. 

a feeling of anxiety and stress that makes it impossible 

to relax (情绪上的）紧张，烦躁 

240 



--- Page 253 ---

Unit 7 Inner Voice 

convert /ksn'vait/ u. 

to change or make something change from one form, 

purpose, system, etc. to another (使）转变，转换，转化 

paste /peist/ v. 

to stick something to something else using glue or paste 

粘贴；粘合 

messenger /'mesind39(r)/ n. a person who gives a message to somebody or who 

delivers messa呂es to people as a job 由[3递员；信使 

goodwill /.gud'wil/ n. 

friendly or helpful feelings towards other people or 

countries友善；友好；善意 

brighten /'braitn/ v. 

to become or make something become more pleasant 

or enjoyable; to bring hope (使）快活起来 

frown /fraun/ v. 

to make a serious, angry or worried expression by 

bringing your eyebrows closer together so that lines 

appear on your forehead 皱眉；舊额 

scowl /skaul/ 

to look at somebody/something in an angry or annoyed 

way怒视（某人或某事） 

ases an權 聰msimmm 

make a hit to be liked very much by somebody when they first meet you 给（某人） 

jump out of one's skin 

to be very excited and pleased 欢喜雀跃；兴高采烈 

留下很好的第一印象；使（某人）一见钟情 

as luck would have it 

in the way that chance decides what will happen 碰巧；偶然；幸而 

be characteristic of 

to be very typical of something or of somebody's character 典型的；独 

特的；特有的 

strike up 

to begin a friendship, a relationship, a conversation, etc.(禾□某人）建立 

友谊，开始来往，交谈起来 

join in 

to take part in an activity with other people 参加，加入（活动） 

convert... into 

to change or make something change from one form, purpose, system, 

etc. to another (使）转变，转换，转化 

1. A man without a smiling face must not open a shop. —This idiom comes from the Chinese. 

A shopkeeper who behaves in a surly way is unlikely to attract customers. 

N#tes 

241 



--- Page 254 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Exercises 

磯 Checking Your Comprehension 

r—1 

Section A 

Directions: Read the following statements and mark Y (for Yes) if the statement agrees with the 

information given in the text; N (for No) if the statement contradicts the information given in the 

text; NG (for Not Given) if the information is not given in the text. 

( ) 1. The woman with inherited money made a pleasing impression on people at the 

party. 

( )2. Dogs are so popular because they always show us that they are glad to see us. 

( )3. People in the waiting room worried about their pets and never talked to each other. 

( )4. The young woman went to see the doctor because her baby was ill. 

( )5. The gentleman in the waiting room had grandchildren. 

( )6. The ancient Chinese were good at making good impression on others. 

Section 陵 

Directions: Complete the following sentences with the information given in the text 

1. The well-dressed rich woman's face showed_. 

2. Dr. Stephen K. Sproul's waiting room was full of people waiting to_ 

3. People would like to do many other things rather than_. 

4. The gentleman in the waiting room was annoyed by_. 

5. The baby's smile brought everyone in the room_. 

6. Your smile brightens the lives of people who see it and conveys_ 

翁Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A j 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. Television helps to relieve the_of the long winter evenings, (bore, 

boredom) 

2. Some groups,_students and pensioners, will benefit from the new tax. 

(name, namely) 

3. The main_is a young girl from a small fishing village in Japan, (character, 

characteristic) 

242 



--- Page 255 ---

Unit 7 Inner Voice 

4. The_was becoming unbearable, and I wanted to scream, (tense, tension) 

5. He could also be very disagreeable and say hard and_things, (sour, 

sourness) 

6. The room was simply furnished and_ 

to the eye. (pleased, pleasing) 

Section a 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

brighten 

wear 

goodwill 

radiate 

modest 

inherit 

convert 

paste 

1. His income was_compared with that of other chief executives. 

2. Whatever happens, the young girl always_a cheerful smile. 

3. Her presence greatly_up the evening party last night. 

4. Happy, healthy, and vibrant people_positive energy to those around them. 

5. The_and skill of both partners are critical to a venture's success. 

6. He had 

a considerable personal fortune from his uncle. 

r—I 
Section C_| 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. With greatly increased workloads, everyone is_pressure now. 

2. He would often strike_conversations with complete strangers. 

3. Windy days are characteristic_March in Beijing. 

4. _luck would have it, there was one seat left. 

5. They converted the old school 

_luxury flats. 

6. I nearly jumped out of my_ 

when I saw her face at the window. 

雜 Translation 

Section A] 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1.___(他太泡望学习了）that he stays late every 

evening, (be eager to do) 

2. Pat didn't feel like _ 

(参加庆祝活动).(join in) 



--- Page 256 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

3. At the age of 18, he_(从父亲那里继承了巨 

额财产).(inherit) 

4. A solar cell _ (将太阳的福射转换成电力). 

(convert... into ...) 

5. As a serious candidate, you want to_(给每 

—个你遇到的人留下好印象).(make an impression on) 

S色di贷n 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

A smile costs nothing, but creates much. It enriches those who receive, without 

impoverishing those who give. It happens in a flash and the memory of it sometimes lasts 

forever. None are so rich that they can get along without it, and none so poor but are richer 

for its benefits. It creates happiness in the home, fosters goodwill in a business, and is the 

countersign of friends. It is rest to the weary, daylight to the discouraged and sunshine to the 

sad. Yet it cannot be bought, begged, borrowed, or stolen, for it is something that is no earthly 

good to anybody till it is given away. And if in the last-minute rush of Christmas buying some of 

our salespeople should be too tired to give you a smile, may we ask you to leave one of yours? 

For nobody needs a smile so much as those who have none left to give! 

Writing 

Section u 

Directions: Rewrite the following by putting the short sentences into compound or complex 

sentences, or sentences with participial, prepositional, or other phrases. 

Example: 

ued a 

the library would remain 

on weekends 

Revision: 

The dean issued a bulletin, which said the library would remain 

open on weekends. 

1. The chairman's daughter gave me a patient smile. Her name is Ann. 

2. There is a large stadium. It is in the south of the city. 

3. The river was slowly rising. It began to overflow its banks. 

4. He had fought all his life for these goals. The goals no longer seemed important to him. 

5. He is influenced by a famous psychologist. He chooses to major in psychology. 

244 



--- Page 257 ---

Unit 7 Xnner Voice 

Section B I 
i_i 

Directions: Choose from the following transitional expressions and put them in the blanks in the 

paragraph. 

/ ； N 
:in addition as finally for example even if also i 

The erosion of the middle of the labor market is easy to misinterpret, because its roots 

are multiple. During the 1970s, the entry into the work force of an unprecedented number of 

women and of young adults born during the baby boom resulted in too many workers for the 

jobs available, and depressed wages. The decline of the middle 1_has something 

to do with the explosive growth in world trade since 1960. 2 manufacturing 

technologies have become more mobile, and multinational firms more footloose, production 

jobs have migrated from the US to countries where wages are low. 偷 ,technology 

itself has helped to provoke the shifts in the job market. 4 fewer American workers 

would have been needed to make steel in 1980 than in 1960 51 the pressures of 

global competition had not been a factor, because new machines have made many of their 

tasks redundant._6_, the high rate of unemployment caused by these trends has 

tended to drive wages down further, especially at the low end, since it forces unskilled workers 

to compete for their jobs with unemployed people who are willing to do the work for less. 

Section a 

Directions: Write a short essay with a clear central idea and effective development in about 150 

words. You should base your writing on the following situation and give consideration to the 

unity, coherence and variety of each paragraph. 

Li Hua will graduate from university this summer, and he is planning to go back to 

his hometown and start his own business. However, his parents are encouraging 

him to find a job in the big city where his university is located. If you were Li Hua, 

what would be your decision? 

245 



--- Page 258 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

娜 Tips for English Learning 

Breaking Poor Reading Habits (1) — Do Not Read Word by Word 

when you concentrate on separate words you often miss the overall concept of what is 

being said. People who read each word as a distinct unit comprehend less than those who 

read faster by "chunking" words together in blocks. Effective reading involves reading blocks 

of words at one time and comprehending the meaning of the word group. Our brains can 

comprehend ideas better when it takes in a group of words at one time. Practice expanding the 

number of words that you read at a time. You may also find that you can increase the number of 

words read by holding the text a little further from your eyes. The more words you can read in 

each block, the faster you will read! 



--- Page 259 ---

A Famous Quo 

.••I 

A pessimist makes difficulties of his opportunities; an 

optimist makes opportunities of his difficulties, 

—Harry S, Truman 

悲观者让机会沦为困难;乐观者把困难铸成机会。 

哈利•杜鲁11 

wm. 

Harry S. Truman (1884-1972), 33rd President of the US (1945— 

1953), who led America's transition from wartime to peacetime 

economy. Truman made some of the most momentous decisions in US 

history, including the dropping of atomic bombs on Hiroshima and 

Nagasaki, Japan, the rebuilding of Europe under the Marshall Plan, and 

the fighting of the Korean War. 



--- Page 260 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Speaking Activity 
.,' 1 , . . . , , IdM纏^麵 

:'。哨:嗎一。’’, 

爾麵‘ 

Showing Surprise 

Sample Bimimsme 

Read the following conversation. Pay attention to how the speakers show their surprise. 

Jenny: Mum, Dad, guess what? 

Father: I knew it. You are going. 

Jenny: Hey, I got it! I goUhe job! I'm off to Perth. 

Mother: Darling, that's wonderful news. I'm so thrilled for you. I'm really thrilled. 

Jenny: Isn't it fantastic? I can't believe it. Dad, don't look so miserable. Honestly, it's not 

the end of the world. Cheer up. Can't you be happy for me? 

Father: Of course I'm happy for you. I'm delighted. 

Mother: You don't sound very happy. 

Father: Of course I'm happy. I am happy. I said I'm delighted. It's just that the whole 

thing seems a bit insane. 

Jenny: What do you mean, insane? 

Father: Isn't there an orchestra here in Sydney? Why do you have to go off to Perth? 

Perth! That's on the other side of Australia. 

Jenny: What's he so upset about? Isn't he pleased? 

Mother: Well, he is and he isn't. It's just that he's going to be lonely without you. He's 

dreading it. 

Directions: You come across an old friend at your university, who is supposed to pursue 

study overseas. Express your pleasant surprise at the good news. Use the following tips when 

Practice 

necessary. 

Oh, how marvelous (wonderful)! 

That's good/splendid/wonderful news! 

I'm so thrilled for you! 

Isn't it fantastic? 

You must be kidding! 

I can't even believe my eyes/ears! 

248 



--- Page 261 ---

Unit 8 The Great Minds 

Pre-reatfing 龜mmtimm 

1. Can you imagine a life without limbs? 

2. Who will flash into your mind when it comes to disabled heroes? What qualities appeal to 

you most? 

Life Without Limits 

Imagine being born without arms. No arms to wrap around someone, no hands to 

experience touch, or to hold another hand with. Or what about being born without legs? Having 

no ability to dance, walk, run, or even stand on two feet. Now put both of those scenarios 

together: no arms and no legs. What would you do? How would that affect your everyday life? 

Born in 1982 in Melbourne, Australia, without any medical explanation or warning, 

Nicholas Vujicic came into the world with neither arms nor legs. Having had an uneventful 

pregnancy and no family history to expect this condition, imagine the shock his parents felt 

when they saw their first born, brand new baby boy, only to find he was what the world would 

consider imperfect and abnormal. How would their son live a normal, happy life? What could 

he ever do or become when living with what the world would see as such a massive disability? 

Li村le did they know that this beautiful limbless baby would one day be someone who would 

inspire and motivate people from all walks of life, touching lives all over the world. 

As Nick grew up, he learned to deal with his disability and started to be able to do more 

and more things on his own. He adapted to his situation and found ways to accomplish tasks 

that most people could only do by using their limbs, such as cleaning teeth, brushing hair, 

typing on a computer, swimming, playing sports, and much more. As time went by, Nick began 

to embrace his situation and achieve greater things. In grade seven Nick was elected captain of 

his school and worked with the student council on various fund-raising events for local charities 

and disability campaigns. 

After school Nick went on with further study and obtained a double bachelor degree 

majoring in accounting and financial plannin呂.By the age of 19, Nick had started to 

fulfill his dream of encouraging others by sharing his story through motivational speaking. 

He found the purpose of his existence, and also the purpose in his circumstance. Nick 

wholeheartedly believes that there is a purpose in each of the struggles we encounter in our 

249 



--- Page 262 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

lives and that our attitude towards those struggles can be the single most effective factor in 

overcoming them. 

Now at 27 years old, this limbless young man has accomplished more than most people 

even twice his age. Nick recently made the massive move from Brisbane, Australia to California, 

USA, where he is the president of an international non-profit organization, and also has his 

own motivational speaking company, Attitude Is AltitudeV Since his first motivational speaking 

engagement back when he was 19, Nick has traveled around the world, sharin呂 his story with 

millions of people, speaking to a range of different groups such as students, teachers, youth, 

business men and women, entrepreneurs, and church congregations of all sizes. People ask 

Nick, "How can you smile?" Then they realize there's got to be something more to life than 

meets the eye if a guy without arms and legs is living a fuller life. 

Nick shares with his audiences the importance of vision and dreaming big. Using his 

own experiences in worldwide outreach as examples, he challenges others to examine their 

perspective and look beyond their circumstances. He shares his view of ceasing to see obstacles 

as problems, and instead begin to see them as opportunities to grow and reach out to others. He 

stresses the importance of how attitude can be the most powerful tool we have at our disposal 

and illustrates how the choices we make can have a profound effect on our lives and the lives 

of those around us. Nick shows through his own life that the major keys to fulfilling our biggest 

dreams are persistence and choosing to embrace failure as a learning experience, rather than 

allowing the guilt and fear of failure to paralyze us. 

How does Nick Vujicic feel about his disability now? He accepts it, embraces it and 

oftentimes pokes fun at his own circumstance as he shows off his many tricks. He meets 

challenges with his special blend of humor, perseverance and faith, always encouraging those 

around him to examine their perspective as they develop and define their vision. Using those 

new definitions he challenges each person he meets to make changes in their lives so that they 

can begin the path to fulfilling their biggest dreams. Through his amazing ability to connect with 

people from all walks of life and his incredible sense of humor he captivates children, teens and 

adults alike. Nick is a true inspirational and motivational speaker. 

mrnwWrnrms 

wrap /raep/ v. to put something firmly around something/somebody 

用…缠绕（或围紧） 

scenario /so'nairiau/ n. a description of how things might happen in the future 

设想；方案；预测 

250 



--- Page 263 ---

Unit 8 The Great Minds 

explanation /,ekspl9'neijii/ n. 

a statement, fact, or situation that tells you why 

something happened; a reason given for something 解 

释；说明 

uneventful /.Ani'ventfl/ adj. 

in which nothing interesting, unusual or exciting 

happens平淡无奇的；平凡的；缺乏刺激的 

pregnancy /'pregnsnsi/ n. 

the state of being pregnant 怀孕；妊娠；孕期 

imperfect /im'paifikt/ adj. 

containing faults or mistakes; not complete or perfect 

有缺陷的；不宪全的；不完美的 

abnormal /aeb'noiml/ adj. 

different from what is usual or expected, especially in a 

way that is worrying, harmful or not wanted 不正常的； 

反常的；变态的；崎形的 

massive /'maesiv/ adj. 

extremely large or serious巨大的；非常严重的 

disability /,dis9'biloti/ n. 

a physical or mental condition that means you cannot 

use a part of your body completely or easily, or that you 

cannot learn easily (某种）缺陷，障碍 

limbless /'limbs/ adj. 

having no limbs 无四肢的 

inspire /in'spaiaCr)/ v. 

to give somebody the desire, confidence or enthusiasm 

to do something well 激励；鼓舞 

adapt /s'daept/ v. 

to change your behaviour in order to deal more 

successfully with a new situation 适应（新情况） 

accomplish /s'kAmpliJ/ v. 

to succeed in doing or completing something 完成 

limb /lim/ n. 

an arm or a leg 肢；营；腿 

campaign /kaem'pein/ n. 

a series of planned activities that are intended to achieve 

a particular social, commercial or political aim 运动（为 

社会、商业或政治目的而进行的一系列有计划的活动） 

fu附 11 /ful'fil/ V. 

(AmE) to do or achieve what was hoped for or expected 

实现 

motivational /.mouti'veijanl/ adj. 

giving you motivation 鼓舞的 

circumstance /'saikamstans/ n. 

situations and events that affect and influence your life 

and that are not in your control 命运；客观环境 

wholeheartedly /.hsurhaitidli/ adv. 

without reserve; without reservation 全心全意地 

effective /I'fektiv/ adj. 

producing the result that is wanted or intended; 

producing a successful result产生预期结果的；有效的 

altitude /'aeltitjuid/ n. 

the height above sea level 海拔；海拔高度 

engagement /in'geidsmant/ n. 

an arrangement to do something at a particular time, 

especially something o佈dal or something connected 

with your job约定；约会；预约 

251 



--- Page 264 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

congregation /.kDggri'geiJn/ n. 

a group of people who are gathered together in a church 

to worship God, not including the priest and choir (教 

堂的）会众 

audience /'oidians/ n. 

the group of people who have gathered to watch or listen 

to something (a play, concert, somebody speaking, etc.) 

观众；听众 

vision /'vi3n/ n. 

the ability to think about or plan the future with great 

imagination and intelligence 想象力；眼力；远见卓识 

outreach /'autriitj/ n. 

the activity of an organization that provides a service 

or advice to people in the community, especially those 

who cannot or are unlikely to come to an office, a 

hospital, etc. for help 外展服务 

perspective /po'spektiv/ n. 

a particular attitude towards something 态度；观点； 

思考方法 

cease /siis/ v. 

to stop happening or existing; to stop something from 

happening or existing (使）停止，终止，结束 

obstacle /'obstakl/ n. 

a situation, an event, etc. that makes it difficult for you 

to do or achieve something 障碍；阻碍；鲜脚石 

illustrate /'ibstreit/ v. 

to make the meaning of something clearer by using 

examples, pictures, etc.(用示例、图画等）说明，解释 

profound /pra'faund/ adj. 

very great; felt or experienced very strongly 巨大的；深 

切的；深远的 

persistence /pa'sistans/ n. 

the fact of continuing to try to do something despite 

difficulties, especially when other people are against you 

and think that you are being annoying or unreasonable 

坚持；镇而不舍 

paralyze /'paerslaiz/ v. 

(AmE) to make somebody unable to feel or move all or 

part of their body使雍疾；使麻窝 

oftentimes /'Dfntaimz/ adv. 

often常常 

trick /trik/ n. 

a clever action that somebody/something performs as a 

way of entertaining people 戏法；把戏 

biend /blend/ n. 

a pleasant or useful combination of different things (不 

同事物的）和谐结合，•融合 

perseverance /iPsisiV口rans/ n. 

the quality of continuing to try to achieve a particular 

aim despite difficulties毅力；初性；不屈不持的精神 

define /di'fain/ v. 

to describe or show something accurately 阐明；明确； 

界定 

incredible /m'kredabl/ adj. 

impossible or very difficult to believe 不能相信的；难 

W置信的 

252 



--- Page 265 ---

captivate /'kaeptiveit/ v. 

to keep somebody's attention by being interesting 

attractive, etc.迷住；使着迷 

Unit 8 The Great Minds 

Piirases m%進 Em攀r聪ssimm 

a walk of life 

major in 

a person's job or position in society 行业；耳只业；地位阶层 

to study something as your main subject at a university or college 主修 

stress the importance of 

to emphasize the quality of being important 弓虽调•.的重要性 

at one's disposaS 

available for use as somebody prefers任某人处理；供某人任意使用 

poke fun at 

show off 

to make fun of someone in an unkind way 拿…开心；奚落；嘲笑 

to try to impress others by talking about your abilities, possessions, 

etc.炫耀；卖弄 

S®n讀eii磯©s 

1. Then they realize there's got to be something more to life than meets the eye if a guy without 

arms and legs is living a fuller life. 

接着他们意识到，如果一个没有四肢的人过得比普通人更充实，那么生活的含义必定 

超出了我们目光所及的巧畴。 

2. He stresses the importance of how attitude can be the most powerful tool we have at our 

disposal and illustrates how the choices we make can have a profound effect on our lives 

and the lives of those around us. 

他强调态度是我们可W支配的最强大的工具，阐明了我们作出的选择如何对我们自身乃 

至周围人的生活产生深远的影响。 

Mmtms 

1. Attitude Is Altitude is Nick Vujicic's inspirational programme, which aims to help people 

learn to overcome adversity, persevere under any circumstance and attain the height of their 

ambition. 

Checking Your Comprehension 

Directions: Choose the best answer to each question from the information given in the passage. 

1. When Nicholas Vujicic was born, his parents_. 

A) felt ashamed to have an abnormal baby 

B) expected their baby to be a success 

C) were shocked at the unexpected situation 

D) strived to give him good medical care 

253 



--- Page 266 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

2. In grade seven, Nick_. 

A) learned to do his business himself 

B) finally fulfilled his dream 

C) was elected captain of his school 

D) began working for disabled people 

3. At the age of 19, he realized his big dream by_. 

A) doing’good deeds for others 

B) doing his business himself 

C) finishing his school successfully 

D) motivating people through speech 

4. Nick travelled from country to country in that_. 

A) he had a strong thirst for travelling 

B) he would share his stories with more audiences 

C) he was obliged to raise a large sum of money 

D) he expected to accumulate his experience 

5. What does Nick's speech purposefully convey to audiences? 

A) His strong and perseverant spirit. 

B) The importance of great vision. 

C) His unique loyalty to his career. 

D) His experience of confronting challenges. 

©Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A I 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. The users may not want to spend the money, or invest the time, to achieve_. 

(perfect, perfection) 

2. We gave a party to celebrate the successful_of our task, (accomplish, 

accomplishment) 

3. Her_work paid off when she was offered the job of manager, (persist, 

persistent) 

4. Officials who have too many things at their 

will be easily corrupted. 

(dispose, disposal) 

5. The drug industry says its products are safe and 

for children, (effect, 

effective) 

254 



--- Page 267 ---

6. As a_speaker, I love to share my story wherever opportunities become 

available, (motivation, motivational) 

Unit 8 The Great Minds 

r—I 
Section B_| 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

/...、、 
i fulfill obstacle perspective profound i 

:incredible cease vision define i 

« I 
、> </ 

1. Corruption has been identified as the single greatest_to economic and 

social development. 

2. It seemed_that people would still want to play football during a war. 

3. The manager outlined his_for the future of the company. 

4. You must be able to influence business decisions from a human resources_. 

5. It was then that the organization finally began to_the hopes of its founders. 

6. Her parents' divorce had a(n)_effect on her life. 

r—1 
Section C| 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. This decision has removed the last obstacle_the hostages' release. 

2. We have to look at everything_an international perspective. 

3. In college, he began to work part-time_the purpose of assuming family 

responsibility. 

4. He is such a mean person that we cannot put our possessions_his disposal. 

5. The boy finally chose to major_philosophy at Harvard. 

6. The doctor prescribed the patient some drugs, which are effective against a range 

bacteria. 

嚇 Bridging the Gap 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with a vvorof or a phrase that best completes the passage. You may 

choose a suitable one from the list given. 

. '、、， 
i mark confused intentionally likely potential i 

I known called upon natural as opposed to even if j 

、\ _ 一一一一一一一一.一一 一一一__一一_一一一一一.一一一一一 

Gifts are those talents and abilities that flow almost effortlessly from us. Gifts are 



--- Page 268 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

sometimes 翁 with skills. While skills can be developed, gifts are something we are 

born with — they are what we discover as we try new things and find that some things are as 

to us as breathing. 

When we 3_make a decision to create our life and work based on our gifts, we 

are not only more 4 to succeed, but can also more thoroughly enjoy the journey 

toward creating and realizing our full ’’嚷• 

Take inventory of your life to determine where you are utilizing learned and developed 

skills 6_expressing and honouring your innate gifts. Are you operating based on what 

you think you "ought" to be doing or are you living an authentic life that is rich and fulfilling? 

_7_you are not in a place to pursue a new career based on your gifts, look for 

ways to make your gifts 8 to others and demonstrate them in as many areas of your 

life as possible. The more your gifts are 9 , the more naturally you will fully accept 

and promote those gifts. The more you express your life through your innate gifts, the more you 

will excel. It's a beautifully self-perpetuating process once you make the decision to begin. 

Your gifts are your signature, your unique paintbrushes — use them to express your 

greatness and make your 10 on the world! 

Translation 

Section A I 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. The exchange students_(发现适应新学校很 

困难).(adapt to) 

2. Mother knew that she was the person who_ 

(孩子们愿意把自己的故事与她分享).(share ... with) 

3. After heated discussion, the group finally_ 

(推举他们中的一员作为发言人).(elect) 

4. The team tried hard to apply for government funds,_ 

_(却发现他们必须自己克服财政困难).(only to find; overcome) 

5. Doctors always_(强调平衡饮食的重要性). 

(stress the importance of) 

256 



--- Page 269 ---

Unit 沒 The Great Minds 

Section B_j 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

There will be moments when the only thing left is for us to question our existence. There 

are always days when we get so lonely and depressed and the world has lost its colours. There 

will be times when we lose all reasons for living and life will seem so hard that we wish there 

was no such thing as tomorrow. But then again, we should also know that problems are just 

another bitterness in life trying to twist the personage in each of us and corrupt our perceptions 

about life. When these times happen, do not succumb to the temptations of giving up. Yes, the 

only way to be happy is to suffer willingly. 

# Organizing Your Ideas 

Directions: Put the following sentences in the proper order so that they make a complete paragraph. 

1. It was, in fact, the little known Cleisthenes. 

2. Who is the father of democracy? 

3. Not Thomas Jefferson, as many people oddly seem to think. 

4. From 508 to 502 BC, he began to develop a series of major reforms, leading to the 

formation of Athenian Democracy. 

5. He first introduced democracy to the Greek city states in 508 BC, after he gained 

political power in Athens. 

6. All citizens over the age of thirty were eligible to sit on the council, encouraging public 

involvement in the government. 

7. He made all free men living in Athens and Attica citizens, giving them the right to vote 

as part of a democratic society. 

8. While the format may not be the same as the many democracies around the world 

today, there is no doubt that this was the first step. 

9. He also established a council. 

芭 Reflecting on the Text 

Nicholas Vujicic came into the world with neither arms nor legs. Despite his massive 

disability, he has not only managed to live on his own but also inspired and motivated people 

through his speeches. However, some physically healthy people pale in comparison to him, by 

making constant complaints about their lives and refusing to work for a brighter future. What 

personalities do you think can help people overcome difficulties when challenged? How can 

we develop those qualities? 

257 



--- Page 270 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Text B 

遍读左诚vW;弹旅緣沁.1;成萬喊游苗.毎.嫉爲娜 
坦妃《醉瑕帘破吊姆賴资踢 

Pre^readiiii 纖ties翻®ns 

1. what factors do you think contribute to success? 

2. Can you figure out what reasons account for Steve Jobs' success? 

An Unwanted Baby, Steve Jobs 

Steve Jobs is a man who has great courage and dares to take risks. He may not be perfect 

but he pulled together the most fantastic act by overcoming Microsoft, the movie industry and 

the music business. Jobs followed his dream and led a revolution in the computing world. 

Steve Jobs was born on February 24, 1955, in San Francisco, California. His biological 

mother was an unwed graduate student named Joanne Simpson and decided to put him up for 

adoption. Joanne had a college education, and she insisted that the future parents of her boy 

be just as well educated. Unfortunately, the candidates, Paul and Clara Jobs, did not meet her 

expectations: Clara didn't graduate from college and Paul only attended high school. When she 

found out that both his future parents had never graduated from college, she refused to sign the 

adoption papers. She only relented a few months later and agreed to have her baby adopted by 

them, under the firm condition that they would send him to college. 

Steve Jobs went to college but decided to drop out because it was too expensive. Recalling 

his time there he said, "I didn't have a dorm room, so I slept on the floor in friends' rooms, I 

returned coke bottles for the 5 cents deposits to buy food with, and I would walk the 7 miles 

across town every Sunday night to get one good meal a week at the Hare Krishna temple." 

At 20, Steve Jobs and a friend (Steve Wozniak) started a company in a garage on April 1, 

1976. Later that year, they debuted the Apple I and a local store offered to buy 50 machines. To 

finance the production, they had to sell their most expensive possessions. Jobs sold his Volkswagen 

van while Wozniak sold his Hewlett-Packard scientific calculator. Steve Jobs named their 

company Apple, in memory of a happy summer he had spent as an orchard worker in Oregon. 

By 1982, however, his company sales sagged in the face of competition from IBM's new 

PC. Not wanting to dwell on successive failures, they worked on a new machine called the 

Macintosh. By 1986, the Mac, which Steve Jobs promised to be "insanely great," was a huge 

success. After 10 years, starting from 2 kids working in a garage, Apple computer had grown 

into a $2 billion dollar company with over 4000 employees. 

