

--- Page 282 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

第二部分：阅读选择（第11〜15题，每题2分，共10分） 

阅读下面短文，请从短文后所给各题的4个选项（A、B、C、D)中选出1个最隹选项。 

Student Loans 

Federal Student Aid is an office of the US Department of Education that provides student 

loans for education beyond high school. The US government clearly understands the importance 

of post-secondary education in positively impacting the nation. It therefore ensures that each 

eligible student in the United States is able to receive financial assistance for higher education. 

Although parents can opt for private funding through sources like banks and other financial 

institutions, the rates of interest can be prohibitively high in most cases. On the other hand, 

the interest rates of federally funded student loans are much less in comparison. It is therefore 

imperative that parents take all steps necessary to apply for student loans available through the 

federal government. 

Federal Student Aid is actively involved in educating students and their families on the exact 

procedure to obtain student loans. Once the applications are received, it processes them by the 

millions before the start of each academic year. It also pays out billions of dollars through schools 

to fund the education of students who have applied for financial aid. 

The first step in applying for financial aid is to fill and submit the FAFSA or Free 

Application for Federal Student Aid. The name of the student should be entered exactly the way 

it is written on the student’s social security card. The format used is "first name’’，"middle initial’’ 

and "last name". Since the analysis bureau will be linking up 也e FAFSA with the social security 

number, the names should match precisely for the application to be approved. A mismatch in the 

names could result in the application being sent back for correction. This would cause a delay 

and end up pushing the applicant to the back of the line. Since most financial aid is provided on a 

first-come-first-served basis, it is important to be at the head of the line. Even a minor error on the 

FAFSA can result in a loss of thousands of dollars in financial aid. 

Therefore, it is important 也at families have all the proper income and tax records ready 

before applying for financial aid. This will help avoid submitting inconsistent, incomplete or 

mistaken information while filling out the FAFSA forms. • 

The CSS PROFILE is the FAFSA equivalent that is most often required for aid through 

private universities. It could be a little more complicated than filling out the FAFSA form. Going 

through the entire process with the help of a certified college planner would be a good idea. 

No matter what their credit rating, parents should still submit their applications for financial 

aid. Learning about the different options available to them is the first step in the process. Doing it 

right will enhance their chances of getting student loans for their children’s higher education. 



--- Page 283 ---

11. Federal Student Aid provides student loans for_. 

Self-Assessment 2 

A. high school education 

B. secondary education 

C. higher education 

D. pre-secondary education 

12. Federally funded loans are preferred to private funding for 

A. their easy accessibility 

B. their high reliability 

C. their lower interest rates 

D. their wide availability 

13. Federal Student Aid educates students on_. 

A. how to apply to ideal universities 

B. how to obtain student loans 

C. how to process the applications 

D. how to meet their financial needs 

14. The first step in applying for financial aid is to_. 

A. fill out and submit application forms 

B. apply for a social security number 

C. enter the applicant name in the right format 

D. submit all the proper income and tax records 

15. To succeed in applying for student loans, you are advised to 

A. enhance academic performance 

B. resort to a certified college planner 

C. avoid submitting a C% PROFILE 

D. turn in income and tax records afterwards 

271 



--- Page 284 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

第兰部分：概括段落大意和补全句子（第16〜25题，每题1分，共10分） 

阅读下面短文，请完成短文后的2项测试任务：（1)从第16〜20题后所给的6个选项 

中为第①〜⑤段每段选择1个正确的小标题；（2)从第21〜25题后所给的6个选项中选择 

5个正确选项，分别完成每个句子。 

Identity Theft 

O College students have a lot to worry about: tests, quizzes, homework, organizations, and 

jobs. One thing they might not think they should worry about is identity theft. Identity the汽 

is actually a big problem on college campuses and students are easy targets. Knowing how to 

protect yourself against identity theft is the first thing you need to do for yourself. 

One of the major reasons why students are targets is because they are naive. Many students 

don’t know or don’t realize the dangers of giving out their personal information unless they have 

already been through it or they are older. A majority of the time, students get sucked into getting 

free stuff just for applying for a credit card. Students are one of the easiest targets for scammers 

(骗子）.In order to protect yourself from having your identity stolen, you need to understand how 

scammers get your personal information. 

® For students, being frugal is just about a must. One of the costs they may skimp on is paying 

for their own Internet. Instead, they will log on to someone else’s WiFi or an unsecured network. 

While this may cut down on costs while you are in college, there is a chance that someone will 

be able to get your personal information. These unsecured networks may be full of people who 

are simply sitting and waiting for you to log on to your bank account, shop online, apply for 

a job online, or apply for a credit card online. If you are going to shop online or do any of the 

previously mentioned activities, make sure you are on a secured network that has the proper 

privacy settings. 

O Something that students may not think about is shredding (撕巧)their documents. It is 

very easy for anyone to have their identity stolen if they don’t shred important documents, 

bills, or even credit card offers. You should always shred anything that has any type of personal 

information, especially those with account numbers, your social security number, or even your 

birthday. If you get a credit card offer saying you are pre-approved, so on and so forth, you 

need to shred it before throwing it away. Some people go through others’ trash and take the pre¬ 

approved cards. They can then use it to open a credit card under your name, stealing your identity. 

0 While you have many things to think about while in college, you should always think about 

the information you are giving out. Remember never to give out your bank account information 

or PIN (personal identification number)，even to a friend. Also, watch out for scams (骗局）like 

272 



--- Page 285 ---

signing up for a credit card to get a free shirt; your identity may not be stolen right away, but 

that information could be used in the future. Shred any and all personal documentation before 

throwing it away. Moreover, when you do shred your documentation, make sure it can，t be put 

Seif-Assessm倍nt: 2 

% 

back together. 

Taskl 

16. Paragraph O: _ 

17. Paragraph _ 

18. P过ragraph _ 

19. Paragraph ©: _ 

20. Paragraph ©: _ 

Task 2 

21. What you need to do first for yourself is 

A. Being naive 

B. Easy targets 

C. Being frugal 

D. Protecting information 

E. Shredding documents 

F. Seeking help 

22. The dangers of releasing personal information are unknown to many students 

23. A good chance stands that your personal information will be stolen_ 

24. If a credit card offer is said to be pre-approved, you need to_ 

25. When you do shred your documentation, make sure__. 

A. it can’t be put back together 

B. knowing how to protect yourself against identity theft 

C. unless they have already been 也rough it or they are older 

D. because college students aren’t experienced 

E. shred it before throwing it away 

F. while you log on to someone else’s WiFi or an unsecured network 

273 



--- Page 286 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

第四部分：填句补文（第26〜30题，每题2分，共10分） 

下面的短文有5处空白，短文后有6个句子，其中5个取自短文，请根据短文内容将 

其分别放回原有位置，W恢复文章原貌。 

Mistakes Are a Must on the Road to Success 

When Kamprad was a teenager, he became interested in a pro-Nazi group run by a Swedish 

fascist activist by the name of Per Engdahl. He not only attended group meetings but also raised 

funds and recruited members to the group between 1942 and 1945. It is unknown when Kamprad 

quit the group. (26)_This part of Kamprad，s past remained hidden until 1994, 

when Engdahl’s personal letters were made public after his death. 

"This is part of my life I bitterly regret," said Kamprad. "After a couple of meetings in pure 

Nazi style, I quit.’，In a letter he wrote to employees titled "The Greatest Mistake of My Life," 

Kamprad apologized to IKEA employees of Jewish heritage and asked for their forgiveness. 

(27)_Following its publication, Kamprad said in an interview, "Now I have 

told all I can. Can one ever get forgiveness for such stupidity?，’ 

(28)_"That was the biggest blunder I’ve made in my entire life, and I 

regret it deeply," he said "I have said sorry, many times, but it has left an unremovable mark on 

my conscience that continually haunts me and perhaps if s best this way.，，Joining the Nazi 

group would be a mistake that he would be paying for on a personal level for the rest of his life. 

(29) _He was criticized and he was attacked in the media, but sales at IKEA 

continued to increase. His popularity actually rose following the incident because of the honesty 

with which he dealt with the after-effect. 

Experience has taught Kamprad that not only could the business world be forgiving 

of his mistakes, but that it was those very mistakes that could end up moving mountains. 

(30) _Working in Almhult, Gillis Lundgren, a new employee, had been 

standing beside a car with a colleague, trying to figure out how to get a bulky wooden table 

into the back of it. Finally, against company policy, Lundgren said, "Oh God, then, let’s pull off 

the legs and put them underneath.，’ It was with that simple statement that IKEA would reorient 

itself towards the flat design production for which it has become famous today. 

"IKEA is not completely perfect,’，said Kamprad. "We are going the right way to becoming 

it, for sure, but we are not there yet." 



--- Page 287 ---

SeW~Ass径ssment 2 

A. Kamprad had made a crucial mistake in sympathizing with Nazis in his teenage years. 

B. However, he remained friends with Engdahl well into the 1950s. 

C. However, professionally, Kamprad had been left relatively unharmed. 

D. Indeed, the success of IKEA can be traced back to a simple mistake in 1956. 

E. Kamprad was arrested soon after the war was ended. 

F. He also devoted two chapters to the incident in his 1998 book, "The History of IKEA.’’ 

275 



--- Page 288 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

第五部分：填词补文（第31〜40题，每题1.5分，共15分） 

下面的短文有10处空白，短文后列出12个词，其中10个取自短文，请根据短文内 

容将其分别放回原有位置，W恢复文章原貌。 

Understanding a Budget 

A budget is a foreign concept to kids (and, it should be said, to many adults). Younger 

children, especially, simply won’t realize that mommy and daddy have a (31)_ 

amount of money to spend every month. But (32)_what a budget is, and why 

it，s a good idea, is one of the central pillars of financial literacy. 

The best way to teach kids how a budget works is (33)_to show them. 

That’s not to say that you should open your books up to your children and show them every 

penny coming in or out (although you may consider (34)_some details with 

teenagers about things like your mortgage payment, car payments, and so on). Instead, just give 

them a broad (35)_of how adults have to divide up their money each month. 

One easy way to demonstrate this concept is to take a stack of Monopoly money 游戏钞票), 

and tell your child that the stack represents how much money you (36)_every 

month from work. Then, divide up the (37)_one at a time to show how much 

you spend on the house, how much you spend on food, how much you save, how much you give 

to charitable (38)_，and so forth. The denominations (面额）aren't important. 

What's important is showing your children that you have a (39)_plan for your 

money, and that you，re on top of the family finances. 

Encourage your child to start a budget of his own: Part of his allowance should go 

to savings, part to charity, and part of it is just for fun. Help your child identify what he 

(40)_values, and budget his money accordingly. 

A. aware 

B. sharing 

C. sense 

D. bills 

E. make 

F. conscious 

G. truly 

H. learning 

I. simply 

J. organizations 

K. feeling 

L. limited 

276 



--- Page 289 ---

第六部分：完形补文（第41〜50题，每题1.5分，共15分） 

下面的短文有10处空白，每处空白后的括号内有一个词，请根据短文内容将其正确 

的形式填入文中，W恢复文章原貌。 

S括!f*Ass€»sment 2 

Crude Oil 

Although crude oil is still (0) vastly (vast) available in the earth’s crust, it is not a/an 

(41)_(finite) resource. At some point it will eventually be (42)_(exhaust). 

The demand for crude oil has increased by gigantic proportions. However, (43)_ 

(discovery) of new oil fields and investing in the oil industry have helped keep up with the 

(44)_(increase) demand for oil. The crucial question is, how long will the oil 

resources last? 

(45)_ (advance) technology has made drilling oil more (46)_ 

(effect) and efficient. With the aid of new methods it is possible to draw almost 65% of the oil 

as opposed to the old methods. Better infrastructure and more (47)_(invest) have 

also made the drilling of oil wells more effective. Currently most (48)_(transport) 

is dependent on oil and many industries are bom out of or lean on byproducts of petroleum. 

Although alternative sources of energy are now (49)_(apply), like solar and wind 

energy, it is still a long way to be completely (50)_(dependent) of crude oil. 

277 



--- Page 290 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

第古部分：短文写作（第51题，30分） 

请根据所提供材料中的要求撰写一篇150词左右的英语短文。 

News 1 

WASHINGTON, Oct. 26—Tuition and 托es at US public universities and colleges 

have increased more than 8 percent in the 2011-2012 academic year. According to the report 

released by the non-profit College Board, out-of-state residents pay an average of 20,770 

dollars, up 5.7 percent from last academic year. 

News 2 

The number of Chinese students studying abroad has rapidly increased in recent years. 

According to statistics released by the Ministry of Education in the academic year of 2011， 

about 285,000 people were educated abroad, up 24 percent 任om the previous year. And the 

number of younger students has been growing dramatically. 



--- Page 291 ---

Facing Lifers Challenges 

s  ■: m  :::;’.敞汽靖 ous Quot 

The only thing we have to fear is fear itself, 

—Franklin Delano Roosevelt 

我们唯一要恐惧的就是恐惧本身。 

——富兰克林*德括诺•罗斯福 

Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882-1945), the 32nd President of 

the United States (1933-1945). He led the nation out of the Great 

Depression and later into World War N. Before he died, he cleared 

the way for peace, including establishment of the United Nations. His 

presidency is widely regarded as one of the greatest in US history. 



--- Page 292 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Speaking Activity 

Talking about Health 

Read the following conversation. Pay attention to how the speakers talk about health. 

Sample &i議I獅麵II懸 

George: Doctor, what is the best way to stay healthy? 

Doctor: Having a good diet is probably the most important thing. 

George: It is very confusing to know what to eat. 

Doctor: You need plenty of fruits and vegetables, small amounts of protein, and whole 

grains. 

George: Are there certain things that I should avoid? 

Doctor: You shouldn't consume too much sugar. Also, watch your intake of fatty food. 

George: After watching my diet, what else should I do? 

Doctor: You need to stop smoking, and make sure that you get 30 minutes of exercise 

every day. 

George: Can I have a glass of wine now and then? 

Doctor: As long as you don't overdo it, a glass of wine a day should be OK. 

Directions: Discuss with your partner the best way(s) to stay healthy. Use your own information. 

輸mMm魏 Practice 

You may use the following tips to help you. 

What is the best way to stay healthy? 

Having a good diet... 

You need plenty of..., small amounts of..., and... 

You shouldn't consume too much... 

What else should I do? 

You need to... 

280 



--- Page 293 ---

Unit 9 Facing Life's ChaH哲nges 

矿 Text A 

麵靡麵隱 

書說考繼進她電纖M®s难f參ns 

1. Have you ever done hurdles? What do you think of it? 

2. What kinds of difficulties and challenges have you ever met in your life? 

300 Hurdles^ 

Life may give you a negative, but don't despair — it may just develop into a beautiful 

picture one day. This year, I realized my theory that I have on life. Life is like a 300m hurdle 

race. Since I run the 300m hurdles, I would know what the race is like. 

The first thing to any race is worrying about whether you are going to win or not. This 

relates to worrying about the petty things in life. Does it really ma村er if you win? Is it really 

going to be the end of the world? Or will you be upset if you lose and then forget about it? In 

life we worry too much and live in the moment too little. 

Next is the lining up in our own individual lanes. We each start at different spots, but the 

race is still the same distance for everyone. This relates to our lives taking us to different places 

and putting us in different situations, but hopefully we will end up in the same place, but maybe 

at different times. 

Now comes the beginning of the race. We all try to keep up with everyone and pace 

ourselves with other people. This symbolizes that at times in everyone's lives we worry about 

fitting in or being the same as other people, instead of worrying about being unique. If everyone 

were the same, the world would be incredibly boring. 

Now comes the first hurdle. This hurdle is the easiest to get over because you are not worn 

out from running. We all make it over this hurdle with ease. This symbolizes those obstacles in 

life that we struggle to get over, but we always manage to do so. You can look at that hurdle in 

two ways: "I can't make it over, I'm too tired" or "I am one more hurdle closer to finishing this 

race". This is an example of taking a negative situation and seeing something positive in it. 

The next part of the race is every hurdle between the first and last one. These hurdles get 

tougher and tougher and you may feel as though you can't go on. This happens a lot in life too. 

There may be a situation that arises where you feel as though you can't make it and all you can 

think about is giving up. You may fall over that "hurdle" or struggle getting over it, but somehow 

you find it in yourself to jump over it and move on with the race. 

281 



--- Page 294 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Next is that last 100m of the race. You feel as though you just want to say, "No I can't do 

this." Again, you must find it in yourself that you can do it, and you must finish the race stronger 

than when you had started it. 

Now lastly is the last hurdle. This hurdle is the toughest out of all of them. In life we find 

ourselves falling and falling, and maybe getting too lost in our problems that we feel like we 

have been through enough and there's no hope. That last hurdle symbolizes these situations. It's 

one step close to the end of the race. 

Once you finish, you look back on it and you realize that you made it not by leaping, but 

step by step. "Yard by yard, life is very hard. But inch by inch, life can be a cinch." 

All it takes is one step at a time, one hurdle at a time. 

hurdle /'hsidl/ n. 

① hurdles [pi.] a race in which runners or horses 

靈MW Wmr^M 

have to jump over hurdles 跨栏赛③ each of a series 

of vertical frames that a person or horse jumps over 

in a race 栏架；跨栏③ a problem or difficulty that 

must be solved or dealt with before you can achieve 

something难关；障碍 

negative /'negstiv/ n. 

a word or statement that means "no"; a refusal or denial 

否定词i否定；拒绝 

adj. 

bad or harmful坏的；有害的 

despair /di'spe9(r)/ v. 

to stop having any hope that a situation will change or 

improve绝望；失去希望；丧失信心 

petty /'peti/ adj. 

small and unimportant小的；琐巧的；次要的 

individual /.indi'vidsual/ adj. 

connected with one person; designed for one person 

一个人的；供一个人用的 

lane /lein/ n. 

a narrow marked section of a track or a swimming pool 

that is used by one person taking part in a race (比赛 

的）跑道，泳道 

spot /spot/ n. 

a particular area or place地点；场戶斤；处戶斤 

symbolize /'simbalaiz/ v. 

to be a symbol of something象征；是…的象征；代表 

incredibly /in'kredabli/ adv. 

extremely极端地；极其’ 

positive /'pDzativ/ adj. 

good or useful良好的；正面的 

tough /tAf/ adj. 

having or causing problems or difficulties 良苦的；艰 

arise /s'raiz/ v. 

(especially of a problem or a difficult situation ) to 

happen; to start to exist 发生；产生；出现 

难的；棘手的 

282 



--- Page 295 ---

lost 

/lost/ adj. 

unable to deal successfully with a particular situation 

Unit 9 Facing Lifers ChaM蜡ng蜡搔 

leap 

/liip/ V. 

yard 

/ja:d/ n. 

不知所措的；一筹莫展的 

to jump high or a long way 贸卽夭 

a unit for measuring length, equal to 3 feet (36 inches) 

or 0.9144 of a metre 码 

inch 

/intj/ n. 

a unit for measuring length, equal to 2.54 centimetres. 

There are 12 inches in a foot.英寸 

cinch 

/sintj/ n. 

something that is very easy 很容易的事；小莱 

Phrases an纏'Em酵msmimm 

line up 

end up 

to stand in a line or row; to form a queue/line 排成一行；站队；排队（等候） 

to find yourself in a place or situation that you did not intend or expect to be 

in最终成为；最后处于 

keep up with 

to move, make progress or increase at the same rate as somebody/something 

(与…）齐步前进；并驾齐驱；跟上 

pace oneself 

to find the right speed or rhythm for your work or an activity so that you 

have enough energy to do what you have to do调整自己的工作（或活动） 

fit in 

to live, work, etc. in an easy and natural way with somebody/something 

节奏 

get over 

wear out 

with ease 

make it 

fall over 

(与…）合得来；适应 

to deal with or gain control of something 解决；克服；控制 

to make yourself/somebody feel very tired 使疲乏；使筋疲力尽；使厌烦 

with no difficulty 轻而易举地 

to be successful in your career 获得成功 

to hit your foot against something when you are walking and fall, or almost 

fall被…绅倒；几乎被…绅倒 

get lost 

to be unable to deal successfully with a particular situation 不知戶斤措；一筹 

莫展 

look back on 

Inch by inch 

at a time 

to think about something in your past 回首（往事）；回忆；回顾 

very slowly and with great care or difficulty 缓慢而谨慎地；一步一步 

separately or in groups of two, three, etc. on each occasion 每次；逐一； 

依次 

Key 觀mtmm艦ms 

1. In life we worry too much and live in the moment too little. 

生活中，我们担心得太多，而活在当下太少。 

2. In life we find ourselves falling and falling, and maybe getting too lost in our problems that 

we feel like we have been through enough and there's no hope. 

283 



--- Page 296 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

生巧中，我们发现自己不断跌倒，为种种问题所困扰，感觉自己历经重重磨难，仍然看 

不到希望。 

MmtMS 

1. 300 Hurdles —The modern Olympics started with the 110-metre hurdles and later 

introduced the 400-metre hurdles in 1900. Youth and high school intermediate hurdle events 

are generally 300 metres long, as opposed to the 400 metres run in college and world-class 

competitions. 

蠻 Checking Your Comprehension 

Exercises 

Directions: Choose the best answer to each question from the information given in the passage. 

1. What is the author's opinion on the result of a race? 

A) It really matters whether you are going to win or not. 

B) It is really going to be the end of the world if you lose it. 

C) We should not worry too much about the result of it. 

D) We should not feel upset and forget about it. 

2. At times, we think too much about being the same as other people, instead of 

A) thinking about living in the moment 

B) thinking about taking actions 

C) worrying about being unique 

D) worrying about winning or not 

3. Getting over the first hurdle indicates that in a negative situation, you should 

A) see the positive aspects of the situation 

B) take it easy in dealing with the situation 

C) struggle to get over the situation 

D) get over the situation with ease 

4. In even tougher situations in life, people are likely 

A) to become stronger 

B) to complain too much 

C) to think of giving up 

D) to ask for help 

284 



--- Page 297 ---

Unit 9 Facing Life's ChaHenges 

5. What message does the author intend to convey to the readers? 

A) Life will not be so difficult if we deal with the obstacles bit by bit. 

B) Life will not be so difficult if we can see something positive in it. 

C) You will become stronger after you have got over the obstacles. 

D) You will be closer to your goal after you have got over each obstacle. 

參 Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A ! 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1.1 __of him; he can't keep a job for more than six months, (despair, 

despairing) 

2.1 hope the divorce won't have a_effect on the children, (negative, negation) 

3. The mayor has been meeting with city council members_. (individual, 

individually) 

4. The competition is a lot_than what it was even a few years back, (tough, 

tougher) 

5. There are a lot of other great things to do in this_city, (incredible, 

incredibly) 

6. For many people cars usually_personal freedom, (symbol, symbolize ) 

Section B 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

lose through positive leap 

negative pace fit arise 

1. Sco行 _to the rescue when he spotted the youngster in difficulty. 

2. Problems_over plans to build a new supermarket in this part of the city. 

3. His father was_in thought and did not hear the door open. 

4. I_myself so that I was not too far ahead of the other students. 

5. He went straight_to the kitchen and took a can of beer from the fridge. 

6. All the signs are extremely_and David will be well again soon. 



--- Page 298 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

r~j 
Section C I 

WUBttKtt&OBn 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences w/t/7 a suitable word. 

1. Deal_each question separately, one at a time. 

2. My sister and I ended_staying at the same hotel as our parents. 

3. There are many hurdles still to get_before the new restaurant can open. 

4. Young children seem to master computer games_ease. 

5. The clock said it was only eight o'clock but it felt_midnight. 

6. We are only interested in events that relate directly_the murder. 

Bridging the Gap 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with a word or a phrase that best completes the passage. You may 

choose a suitable one from the list given. 

/....... 
I observed turned circumstance arose inside 

i worst respectively tasted struggling weak 

A young woman went to her mother and told her about her life and how things were so 

hard for her. She was tired of fighting and_1 It seemed that as one problem was 

solved, a new one 2_. Her mother took her to the kitchen. She placed carrots, eggs, 

and ground coffee beans 3_in three pots with boiling water. In about twenty minutes 

she 4_off the burners. Her mother brought her daughter closer and asked her to feel 

the carrots. She did and noted that they were soft. The mother then asked the daughter to take 

an egg and break it. After pulling off the shell, she 5_the hard boiled egg. Finally, the 

mother asked the daughter to sip the coffee. The daughter smiled as she 6_its rich 

flavor. 

Her mother explained that each of these objects had faced the same adversity: boiling 

water. Each reacted differently. The carrot went in strong, hard, and unrelenting. However, after 

being subjected to the boiling water, it softened and became 7_. The egg had been 

fragile. Its thin outer shell had protected its liquid interior, but after sitting through the boiling 

water, its 8_became hardened. The ground coffee beans were unique, however. After 

they were in the boiling water, they actually changed the hot water, the very .缘 that 

brings the pain. When the water gets hot, it releases the fragrance and flavor. If you are like the 

bean, when things are at their 10 , you get better and change the situation around 

you. 

286 

