

--- Page 300 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

3. Once you identify that, write down the challenge so you can clearly see it. 

4. They can help you put things into perspective as well as provide inspiration. 

5. You can actually take advantage of challenges instead of becoming a victim of 

circumstance. 

6. From there, figure out possible solutions, develop a plan and execute. 

©Reflecting on the Text 

Life is just like a bumpy road full of difficulties and challenges and your attitude will 

decide how far you can reach in your life. What attitude should we have when faced with 

difficulties and challenges? Give your opinions and suggestions. 

Text B 

Wrm纖r職嚇m雪娜丽 

1. Do you know anyone that is/was deprived of something in life but still leads/led a successful 

or brilliant life? 

2. How do you understand the slogan "Nothing is impossible"? 

A Violin with Three Strings 

On Nov. 18, 1995, Itzhak Perlman\ the violinist, came on stage to give a concert at Avery 

Fisher Hall at Lincoln Center^ in New York City. 

If you have ever been to a Perlman concert, you know that getting on stage is no small 

achievement for him. He was stricken with polio as a child, and so he has braces on both legs 

and walks with the aid of two crutches. To see him walk across the stage one step at a time, 

painfully and slowly, is an awesome sight. . 

He walks painfully, yet majestically, until he reaches his chair. Then he sits down, slowly, 

puts his crutches on the floor, undoes the clasps on his legs, tucks one foot back and extends 

the other foot forward. Then he bends down and picks up the violin, puts it under his chin, nods 

to the conductor and proceeds to play. 

288 



--- Page 301 ---

Unit 9 Facing Life's Challenges 

By now, the audience is used to this ritual. They sit quietly while he makes his way across 

the stage to his chair. They remain reverently silent while he undoes the clasps on his legs. They 

wait until he is ready to play. 

But this time, something went wrong. Just as he finished the first few bars, one of the 

♦ 

strings on his violin broke. You could hear it snap ——it went off like gunfire across the room. 

There was no mistaking what that sound meant. There was no mistaking what he had to do. 

We figured that he would have to get up, put on the clasps again, pick up the crutches 

and limp his way off stage — to either find another violin or else find another string for this one. 

But he didn't. Instead, he waited a moment, closed his eyes and then signaled the conductor to 

begin again. 

The orchestra began, and he played from where he had left off. And he played with such 

passion and such power and such purity as they had never heard before. 

Of course, anyone knows that it is impossible to play a symphonic work with just three 

strings. I know that, and you know that, but that night Itzhak Perlman refused to know that. 

You could see him modulating, changing, re-composing the piece in his head. At one point, 

it sounded like he was de-tuning the strings to get new sounds from them that they had never 

made before. 

When he finished, there was an awesome silence in the room. And then people rose and 

cheered. There was an extraordinary outburst of applause from every corner of the auditorium. 

We were all on our feet, screaming and cheering, doing everything we could to show how 

much we appreciated what he had done. He smiled, wiped the sweat from his brow, raised his 

bow to quiet us, and then he said — not boastfully, but in a quiet, pensive, reverent tone — "You 

know, sometimes it is the artist's task to find out how much music you can still make with what 

you have left." 

What a powerful line that is! It has stayed in my mind ever since I heard it. And who 

knows? Perhaps that is the definition of life — not just for artists, but for all of us. 

Here is a man who has prepared all his life to make music on a violin with four strings, 

who, all of a sudden, in the middle of a concert, finds himself with only three strings; so he 

makes music with three strings, and the music he made that night with just three strings was 

more beautiful, more sacred, more memorable, than any that he had ever made before, when 

he had four strings. 

So, perhaps our task in this shaky, fast-changing, bewildering world in which we live is to 

make music, at first with all that we have, and then, when that is no longer possible, to make 

music with what we have I eft. 

289 



--- Page 302 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Mew Wmr^m 

stricken /'strikan/ adj. 

seriously affected by an unpleasant feeling or disease or 

by a difficult situation受煎熬的；患病的；遭受挫折的 

polio /'paulisu/ n. 

an infectious disease that affects the central nervous 

brace /breis/ n. 

aid /eid/ n. 

system and can cause temporary or permanent 

paralysis小儿麻瘦症 

a metal support for weak or injured legs 双脚规开多夹 

help that you need to perform a particular task (某工作 

所需的）帮助，助手，辅助物 

crutch /krAtJ/ n. 

one of two long sticks that you put under your arms 

to help you walk after you have injured your leg or 

foot (腿脚受伤病人用的）胺杖 

awesome /'oisam/ adj. 

very impressive or very difficult and perhaps rather 

frightening令人惊叹的；令人畏惧的 

majestically /m9'd3estikli/ adv. 

in a way that is impressive because of size or beauty 威 

严地；壮丽地 

undo /An'dui/ v. 

to open something that is fastened, tied or wrapped 打 

开；解开；拆开 

clasp /klaisp/ n. 

a device that fastens something, such as a bag or the 

ends of a belt or a piece of jewellery (包、皮带或首饰 

等的）搭扣，扣环 

tuck /tAk/ V. 

to put something into a small space, especially to hide 

it or keep it safe or comfortable 把…塞进狭窄的空间； 

把…藏入 

chin /tjin/ n. 

the part of the face below the mouth and above the 

neck 下E 

conductor /kan'dAktaCr)/ n. 

a person who stands in front of an orchestra, a group of 

singers etc., and directs their performance, especially 

somebody who does this as a profession 乐队指挥 

proceed /prs'siid/ v. 

to do something next, after having done something else 

first接着做；继而做 

ritual /'ritjual/ n. 

something that is done-regularly and always in the same 

way程序；仪规；礼节 

reverently /'revarsntli/ adv. 

in a way that shows great respect and admiration 恭敬 

bar /ba:(r)/ n. 

290 

地：虔诚地 

one of the short sections of equal length that a piece of 

music is divided into, and the notes that are in it (音乐） 

小节 



--- Page 303 ---

Unit 9 Facing Life's ChaHen留es 

snap /snaep/ v. 

to break something suddenly with a sharp noise; to be 

broken in this way (使）断裂，測断 

figure /'figsCrV v. 

to think or decide that something will happen or is 

true认为，认定（某事将发生或属实） 

limp /limp/ V. 

to walk slowly or with difficulty because one leg is 

injured癖着走；破行；满姗 

orchestra /'oikistra/ n. 

a large group of people who play various musical 

instruments together, led by a conductor 管度乐队 

purity /'pjuarsti/ n. 

the state or quality of being pure 纯洁；纯净；纯粹 

symphonic /sim'fDnik/ adj. 

of, for, pertaining to, or having the character of a 

symphony or symphony orchestra 交响乐的 

modulate /'modjuleit/ v. 

(music ) to change from one musical key (= set of 

notes) to another 变调；转调 

de-tune /di 'tjuin/ v. 

to render or cause a musical instrument to become out 

of tune使改变调子 

outburst /'autbaist/ n. 

a sudden strong expression of an emotion (感情的）爆 

发，迸发 

applause /a'pbiz/ n. 

the noise made by a group of people clapping their 

hands and sometimes shouting to show their approval 

or enjoyment鼓掌；喝彩 

auditorium /.oidi'toirism/ n. 

the part of a theatre, concert hall, etc. in which the 

audience sits 礼堂；会堂 

appreciate /a'priijieit/ v. 

to recognize the good qualities of somebody/ 

something欣赏；赏识 

brow /brau/ n. 

the part of the face above the eyes and below the 

hair额头 

bow /bau/ n. 

a long thin piece of wood with thin string stretched 

along it, used for playing musical instruments such as 

the violin 琴弓 

boastfully /'baustfali/ adv. 

in a boastful manner自吹自插地；自夸地 

pensive /'pensiv/ adj. 

thinking deeply about somethin吕，especially because 

you are sad or worried 沉思的；忧伤的 

reverent /'revarsnt/ adj. 

showing great respect and admiration 非常尊敬的；深 

表崇敬的 

sacred /'seikrid/ adj. 

connected with God or a god; considered to be 

holy上帝的；神的；神圣的 

shaky /'Jeiki/ adj. 

not firm or safe; not certain不稳固的；不牢靠的；摇 

晃的；不确切的 

291 



--- Page 304 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

bewildering /biiwildari口/ adj. making you feel confused because there are too many 

things to choose from or because something is difficult 

to understand令人困惑的；使人糊涂的 

Phrases and Expressiens 

with the aid of 

with the help that you need to perform a particular task 在…的辅助下 

make one's way 

to move or get somewhere去；前往；到…地方去 

go o行 

to make a sudden loud noise 突然发出巨口向 

at one point 

at a particular time or stage of development 在某个时刻 

all of a sudden 

quickly and unexpectedly 突然；猛地 

K»tes 

1. Itzhak Perlman (1945- ) is an Israeli-born violinist, conductor, and instructor of master 

classes. He is regarded as one of the preeminent violinists of the 20th and earIy-21 st 

centuries. Perlman resides in New York City with his wife and five children. 

2. Lincoln Center — Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts is a complex of buildings in 

the Lincoln Square neighbourhood of New York City's Upper West Side. The center consists 

of three buildings, Avery Fisher Hall, the Metropolitan Opera House and the Koch Theater. 

Exercises 

Checking Your Comprehension 

A」 Directions: Read the following statements and mark Y (for Yes) if the statement agrees with the 

Section 

r™i 

information given in the text; N (for No) if the statement contradicts the information given in the 

text; NG (for Not Given) if the information is not given in the text 

( )1. Itzhak Perlman became disabled in an accident in his childhood. 

( )2. Itzhak Perlman was so excellent that the audience couldn't wait to see him on 

stage. 

( ) 3. The audience were all respectful and patient while the violinist was getting ready 

to play. 

( )4. When the string of his violin broke, Itzhak Perlman went off the stage to find 

another one. 

()5- His performance with a violin with three strings turned out to be very successful. 

()6. Life is no longer the same as it used to be when you are deprived of something. 

292 



--- Page 305 ---

Unit 9 Facing Lifers Challenges 

Section 段 

Directions: Complete the following sentences with the information given in the text. 

1. For Itzhak Perlman, getting on stage is_. 

2. When the string broke, he waited a moment, and then_. 

3. It seems that it is impossible to play a symphonic work with_. 

4. When he finished, the audience was doing everything to show_ 

5. The music he made with three strings was_. 

6. When things seem no longer possible in our life, we should try to make it _ 

餐Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A I 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. It was only decided yesterday. It's all been very_. (sudden, suddenly) 

2. You can't really_foreign literature in translation, (appreciate, appreciation) 

3.1 really enjoy the_and beauty of his writing, (pure, purity ) 

4. He won standing_when he ended his speech at the student centre. 

(applaud, applause) 

5. After a_start, the host team fought back to win three-two. (shake, shaky) 

6. I don't want to sound_but I always finish everything on time, (boastful, 

boastfully) 

r~i 
Section B | 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

outburst undo figure aid 

proceed signal strike bewilder 

1. The pupils created the wall painting with the_of a local artist. 

2. Tragedy_two days later when Tammy was in a serious car accident. 

3. The taxi driver_Ted and his little sister to cross the road. 

4. His litter brother quickly_the screws that held the cassette together. 

5.1_if I took the night train, I could be in Scotland by morning. 

6. There is a_range of skin care products to choose from. 

293 



--- Page 306 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section eJ 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. She rushes to pick_the baby as soon as it starts to cry. 

2. You can either come by bus or_a taxi. 

3. It took me weeks to get used to having someone else_. 

4. All of a_, the bedroom window flew open. 

5. Thousands of refugees are making their way_the border. 

6. _first he wouldn't even talk about it. 

©Translation 

Section A | 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the' words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. In the evening we_(向约定会面的地方狂去). 

(make one's way) 

2. This is a restaurant_(深受喜欢优质服务的人 

±青睐).(appreciate) 

3. The traveller found his orientation_(借助 

—幅好地图).(with the aid of) 

4. _(不少身受残疾困扰的人）prefer to employ 

power wheelchairs when compared with other options, (be stricken with) 

5. She had a few beers and_(接着把我们的个 

人问题告诉给酒吧里的每一个人).(proceed) 

Section B | 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

Trouble comes to all, but while it makes some people stronger and better in every way, it 

submerges others so that they never rise again. The trouble is the same, yet it is how it is met 

that makes the difference. Those who meet difficulty and adversity in the feeble strength of their 

finite minds and false personality are speedily overwhelmed and broken by the storms of life. 

But those who rely upon, and have faith in, the Power within them, can never be overwhelmed, 

neither can they ever be defeated. The Power, being infinite, is always sufficient, no matter 

how great the need may be. One who realizes his own real spiritual identity knows that he can 

never be defeated, and that he can never really fail. He may lose his body through the change 

294 



--- Page 307 ---

that is called death but he, the true man, can never die. Neither can he fail, though he may be 

defeated a thousand times; he must rise again. 

Unit 9 Facing Life's Challenges 

Writing 

r—1 

Section A 

fLmmmJ 

Directions: The following sentences are not concise. Try to improve them. 

There are more books in their library than in ours. 

library. 

1. In my opinion, I think we should take actions to protect the environment. 

2.1 suddenly realized that my own parents are the parents on whom I can rely. 

3. Scientific research generally depends on fully accurate data. 

4. The teacher demonstrated methods for cutting words from my essay that 1 had written 

for class. 

5. Sally was determined in her mind to write a concise sentence. 

Section 陵 

Directions: Choose from the following transitional expressions and put them in the blanks in the 

paragraph. 

i in addition to 

:because 
\ 

also 

and 

again 

finally 

however j 

thus 1 
J 

Voice and text chat, 

1 

instant messaging, are  quickly becoming preferred ways 

of communicating with others online. For language learners, these forms of communication 

allow users to share ideas about themselves and the world in almost real time, 费 

students can establish friendships with people from around the globe, and 3_, it can 

be an easy way to learn languages and world cultures. 

4 , care and consideration should be given when finding friends on the Internet 

_5_you really don't know who the person is at the other end. Thus, always use a 

nickname when chatting online and never give out personal information including your age, 

where you live, and the name of the school where you attend. 6 , be careful about 

meeting online acquaintances in person, and if you do so, make sure it is in a public place and 

go with a friend or family member. 7 , contact local authorities if you feel you are in 

danger. 8 , chatting with others can be a fun and educational activity if you use care 

when doing so. 

295 



--- Page 308 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section C ! 

Directions: Write a short essay with a clear central idea and effective development in about 150 

words. You should base your writing on the following situation and give consideration to the 

unity, coherence and variety of each paragraph. 

Most people find it stressful to cope with new and difficult situations. But 

if we look at a new situation as a challenge instead of a threat, our brain 

will be better prepared to adapt to it What do you think is the role of 

challenge in your life? How will you prepare yourself to face a challenge? 

Tips for English Learning 

Breaking Poor Reading Habits (3) — Stop Regression 

Regression is unnecessary re-reading of material. Sometimes people get in the habit of 

skipping back to words they just read and other times they jump back a few sentences just to 

make sure that they read something right. When you "skip back" like this, you lose the flow and 

structure of the text and your overall understanding of the subject decreases. 

To eliminate this poor reading habit, do not allow yourself to re-read material. To reduce 

the number of times that your eyes skip back to a previous sentence, run a pointer along the 

line as you read. This could be a finger, or a pen or pencil. Your eyes will follow the tip of your 

pointer, smoothing the flow of your reading. The speed at which you read using this method will 

largely depend on the speed at which you move the pointer. 

296 



--- Page 309 ---

■ 

Ode to Public Transport 

A Famous Quote 

論... 

各嚮觀縱/w娜糊贼娩柳战巧滅娜 

.輔 11$^^顏麵 
气，从'H,.殺樓三&n '■::沾，、. 

:禱' 

P/a/n living and high thinking, 

.’ J; ' 

生活要朴素，情操要高尚。 

William Wordsworth 

威廉•华兹华斯 

馨藍画I 

william Wordsworth (1770-1850), one of the greatest English 

poets. He was a leader of the romantic movement in England and one 

of the greatest lyric poets in the history of English literature. 



--- Page 310 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Speaking Activity 

Making Complaints 

Sample 藝i.讓togiie 

Read the following conversation. Pay attention to how the speaker makes complaints. 

Customer: I'd like to see the manager please. I have a complaint! 

Manager: I am the manager. What seems to be the problem, ma'am? 

Customer: Did you have housekeeping check our room before we checked in? 

Manager: 

Why? What is wrong? 

Customer: 

The toilet is broken and the water is not running in the shower. 

Manager: 

What's your room number? I'm terribly sorry about the inconvenience. We'll 

move you into 2002 immediately. That's a suite, but we'll charge the regular 

room rate. Please accept our apologies. 

Customer: 

Certainly. Thanks very much for helping. 

Manager: 

It was my pleasure, madam. May I suggest having a drink in our lounge while 

we prepare your new room? It's compliments of the house. 

Directions: Make a complaint to each other. Use your own information. You may use the 

輸i伽亀Practise 

following tips to help you. 

I'd like to see... I have a complaint. 

What seems to be the problem? 

What is wrong? 

Please accept our apologies. 

Thanks very much for helping. 

It was my pleasure. 

May I suggest...? 

298 



--- Page 311 ---

Unit 10 Ode to Public Transport 

Pre-reading ttiies翻©ws 

1. Do you find it important to use public transportation? What are some of the reasons? 

2. What suggestions do you give to others on using public transportation? 

The Importance of Public Transportation 

A US Congressman once proclaimed that, "There can be no doubt that the transportation 

sector is the most critical sector of our economy." I know exactly what he means. In this day 

and age, access to transportation is considered a necessity. 

Public transportation is defined as a service that is available for use by the general public. 

It is a cheaper and environmentally friendly alternative. It is not a transportation service that you 

can arrange privately to suit your own personal convenience (although you may, to a certain 

extent, such as paying for a cabin or suite on a train or ship) since you have to consider other 

passengers who are riding and making similar arrangements with you. 

I have experienced first-hand how important public transportation is. 

I live in SaiparV, a US territory and the closest things we have to public transportation 

are tourist and school buses. You have to have your own car or bike, rent a car, or pay upfront 

for a taxi to go from point A to point B. Otherwise you end up basked in sweat and sunburn 

traveling to work every day. When I first came here, I walked. I walked going to and from work. 

I walked to the store and lugged my heavy groceries back to the house. I walked to church and 

I barely got to go to places farther than a twenty-mile radius from my house since I did not own 

a car then, and I considered renting a car and riding a taxi such an expense for a starting single 

mother like I was at that time. 

For me, public transportation is very important because of the following reasons: 

1. It saves money. 

According to research done by the American Public Transportation Association, individuals 

can save up to $9,515 annually by parking their cars at home and using public transportation 

instead. In this economy, saving money has become a main concern in most households. With 

the rising prices of fuel and other vehicle-related expenses, doing the public commute to work 

and school certainly saves money. 

299 



--- Page 312 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

2. It helps the environment. 

When you switch from driving your car to taking public transport, you are reducing your 

carbon footprint and making a great step forward in saving the environment. The environmental 

costs of individuals using their cars every day has done massive damage to the environment 

and if the majority or all individuals like you and me use public transport instead, think of what 

good we could do for the environment. 

3. It will wean us out of energy dependence. 

According to a paper made by Dr. Jean-Paul Rodrigue and Dr. Claude Comtois, 

transportation accounts for approximately 25% of world energy demand and for more than 

62% of all the oil used each year. Ninety-five percent of transportation is almost completely 

reliant upon petroleum products with the exception of railways using electrical power. While 

the use of petroleum for other economic sectors, such as industrial and electricity generation, 

has remained relatively stable, the growth in oil demand is mainly attributed to the growth in 

transportation demand. 

When we strengthen our public transportation services, we are consequently lessening 

this oil demand and dependence. It will also motivate us to consider alternative energy and fuel 

resources. 

4. It provides ease and convenience. 

Having public transportation definitely eases some of the burdens of people who do not 

have cars or prefer not to own one. They are provided with choices to use public transport. 

Public transportation also provides valuable services not just to local inhabitants in the area but 

to tourists as well. When a tourist visits a place, which does not have public transportation, their 

choices are limited and the experience they get is limited, too. 

All in all, public transportation improves our way of life, strengthens the community, 

provides new jobs for the public and gives us a cleaner environment. 

糧 ew W®r^s 

proclaim /口口屯161111/ u. to publicly and officially tell people about something 

important宣布；宣告；声明 

sector /'sekt9(r)/ n. 

a part of an area of activity, especially of a country's 

‘ economy (尤指一国经济的）部口，领域，行业 

necessity /n^'sesati/ n. 

a thing that you must have and cannot manage 

without必需的事物；必需品 

arrangement /g'reindsmant/ n. 

a plan or preparation that you make so that something 

can happen安排；筹备 

300 



--- Page 313 ---

Unit 10 Ode to Public Transport 

territory /'teratri/ n. 

land that is under the control of a particular country or 

ruler领止；版图；领地 

upfront /.Ap'frAnt/ adv. 

if you pay money upfront, you pay it before any work 

has been done or before any goods are supplied 予页付 

地；预交地 

sunburn /'sAnbsin/ n. 

the condition of having painful red skin because you 

have spent too much time in the sun 日西斑；日西伤 

groceries /'graussriz/ n. 

[pi.] food and other goods sold by a grocer or at a 

supermarket食品杂货 

radius /'reidias/ n. 

a straight line between the centre of a circle and any point 

on its outer edge; the length of this line 半径（长度） 

expense /ik'spens/ n. 

the money that you spend on something 费用；价钱 

annually /'aenjuali/ adv. 

once a year —年一次地 

household /'haushauld/ n. 

all the people living together in a house —家人；家庭 

commute /ks'mjuit/ n. 

the journey that a person makes when they travel 

regularly by bus, train, car, etc. between their place of 

work and their home 上下班路程 

switch /switj/ V. 

to change or make something change from one thing to 

another (使）改变，转变 

transport /'traenspoit/ n. 

a vehicle or method of travel交通车辆；运输工具；旅 

carbon /'kaibsn/ n. 

a chemical element 碳 

行方式 

majority /m9'd3Dr3ti/ n. 

the largest part of a group of people or things 大音P分； 

大多数 

wean /wiin/ v. 

to make somebody gradually stop doing or using 

something使逐渐戒除恶习（或避免依赖…） 

dependence /di'pendsns/ n. 

the state of needing the help and support of somebody/ 

something in order to survive or be successful (生存或 

成功必需的）依靠，依赖，依存 

approximately /s'prDksimatli/ adv. 

used to show that something is almost, but not 

completely, accurate or correct 大概；大约；约莫 

petroleum /pa'trsulism/ n. 

mineral oil that is found under the ground or the sea 

and is used to produce petrol/gas, paraffin, diesel oil, 

etc.石油；原油 

exception /ik'sepjn/ n. 

a thing that does not follow a rule 规则的例外；例外 

的事物 

electrical /I'lektrikl/ adj. 

connected with electricity; using or producing 

electricity电的；用电的；发电的 

301 



--- Page 314 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

economic /,iik9'nDmik/ adj. 

connected with the trade, industry and development of 

wealth of a country, an area or a society 经济的；经济 

上的；经济学的 

electricity /i,lek'tris9ti/ n. 

a form of energy from charged elementary particles, 

usually supplied as electric current through cables, 

wires, etc. for lighting, heating, driving machines, 

etc.电；电能 

stable /'steibl/ adj. 

firmly fixed; not likely to move, change or fail 稳定的； 

稳固的；牢固的 

strengthen /'stregBn/ v. 

to become stronger; to make somebody/something 

stronger加强；增强；巩固 

consequently /'konsikwontli/ adv. 

as a result; therefore 因此；戶斤W 

lessen /'lesn/ v. 

to become or make something become smaller, weaker, 

less important, etc.(使）变小，变少，减弱，减轻 

resource /ri'sois/ n. 

a supply of something that a country, an organization 

or a person has and can use, especially to increase their 

wealth资源；财力 

ease /iiz/ n. 

the state of feeling relaxed or comfortable without 

V. 

to make something easier 减轻；放松；缓和 

worries, problems or pain 舒适；安逸；自在 

inhabitant /in'haebitant/ n. 

a person or an animal that lives in a particular 

place (某地的）居民，栖息动物 

iimited /'limitid/ adj. 

not very great in amount or extent 有限的 

Phrases and iMpressIsns 

bask in 

to enjoy sitting or lying in the heat or light of something, especially the sun 

晒太阳；取暖 

account for 

to be a particular amount or part of something (数量上、比例上）占 

be reliant upon 

to need somebody/something in order to survive, be successful, etc.依赖； 

be a村ributed to 

to say or believe that something is the result of a particular thing 把…归因 

依靠 

于；认为…是由于 

Key Smmtmwm 

1. There can be no doubt that the transportation sector is the most critical sector of our economy. 

毫无疑问，交通是我们经济体系最至关重要的领域。 

2. I have experienced first-hand how important public transportation is. 

我亲身体验过公共交通的重要性。 

302 



--- Page 315 ---

Unit 玉0 Ode to Public Transport 

Mmtes 

1. Saipan: Saipan is the largest of the Northern Mariana Islands. It is 23 km long and 8 km 

wide. The best beaches and most populated areas are on the western and southern coasts, 

with the north and east being rugged and mountainous. 

I Checking Your Comprehension 

Exercises 

Directions: Choose the best answer to each question from the information given in the passage. 

1. According to the author, public transportation is_. 

A) a service which is available for use by the general public 

B) not a cheaper and environmentally friendly alternative 

C) a transportation service that you can arrange privately 

D) a transportation service that suits your personal convenience 

2. The author knew the importance of public transportation through_. 

A) news reports 

B) first-hand experience 

C) a US Congressman's speech 

D) research done in America 

3. Which of the following is NOT a reason for riding public transportation? 

A) It helps the environment. 

B) It saves money. 

C) It provides ease and convenience. 

D) It saves time. 

4. Public transportation provides valuable service to_. 

A) local residents in the area only 

B) everyone in the area 

C) tourists to that area only 

D) both local inhabitants and tourists 

5. The author's attitude toward public transportation is_. 

A) neutral 

B) negative 

C) positive 

D) objective 

303 



--- Page 316 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A I 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. The government's wrong policy in finance led the country into_disaster. 

(economy, economic) 

2. They had an_that the children would spend two weeks with each parent. 

(arrange, arrangement) 

3. The music festival is heavily 

— on sponsorship for its success, (dependent, 

dependence) 

4. The expert's speech gave us _ 

insight into the problems of education, (value, 

valuable) 

5. Nobody had much money at the time and I was no_. (except, exception) 

6. This computer is popular for its good design and_of use. (ease, easy) 

Section 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

necessary limit strengthen proclaim 

commute lessen majority transport 

1. Many people cannot even afford basic_such as food and clothing. 

2. The move is clearly intended to_the President's position as head of state. 

3. The United States can start by_the barriers to trade with Mexico. 

4. Our predecessors were doing their best with the_resources available. 

5. The charter_that all states would have their own government. 

6. She_from Oxford to London every day. 

Section C 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. University students account_50% of the store's customers. 

2. Businesses have become increasingly reliant_complicated computing 

systems. 

3. Many people's success can be attributed_hard work and a bit of luck. 

4. If he carries on driving like that, he'll end_dead. 

304 



--- Page 317 ---

5. The taxi driver said that he could take up_four people in his car. 

6. We lay on the beach talking and basking_the warm sunshine. 

Unit 10 Ode to Public Transport 

嚇 Bridging the Gap 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with a word or a phrase that best completes the passage. You may 

choose a suitable one from the list given. 

I,'...、、 
i low compared to personal another require j 

i running out of refers to economic positive limited i 
\.J 

Often referred to as green transport, sustainable transportation is the way of the future. 

Transport powered by gas and petrol is running on a_1_time frame, as both these 

sources are unsustainable in the long run. In contrast, sustainable transportation offers an option 

to a world rapidly 2_renewable fuel sources. It 3_any kind of transport 

that has a low impact on the environment, such as walking, cycling, mass transit, green 

vehicles, and car pooling, amongst others. 

Any mode of transport is deemed sustainable if it has a 4_environmental 

impact and uses little or no fuel. Walking is the best example of sustainable transportation, as it 

does not 參 any gas. However, walking can be impractical if you are travelling longer 

distances. Cycling is 6_green transport option and is a far more practical option for 

longer commutes. 

Using public transportation, such as buses or trains, is also more sustainable 7_ 

private vehicles. The amount of fuel used to transport a bus full of people is more effective 

compared to a single person driving a 8 car. A sustainable transport system has 

a 春 impact on the environment, and helps to promote social and 10 

sustainability in the communities it serves. Increased mobility usually results in better socio¬ 

economic conditions. 

嚇 Translation 
Section A 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. \A/e sat__(沐浴在温暧的阳光下).(bask in) 

2. The Japanese market_(占公司收入白勺35o/o). 

(account for) 

305 



--- Page 318 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

3. She_(把自己的成功归因于努力工作）and a 

little luck, (attribute to) 

4. This hotel can accommodate_(多达500位 

来宾)•（up to) 

5. If you continue to steal you'll_(终归得进监 

狱).(end up) 

Section B 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

Is public transportation a better alternative to driving? Well, this depends on preference 

and/or the individual's circumstances. There are those who prefer to drive themselves, but this 

is not to say that public transportation isn't a be行er-suited means of travel for many. In the grand 

scheme of things, it's probably cheaper. There are no car payments or insurance premiums to 

worry about. You have no maintenance or fuel costs. From an environmental perspective, it is 

more efficient for larger numbers of people to travel from place to place together. 

Organizing Your Ideas 

Directions: Put the following sentences in the proper order so that they make a complete 

paragraph. 

1. That's the finding of a study released by the US. 

2. Location, location, location — it's a well-worn word in real estate. 

3. It decides how green a home really is. > 

4. New research shows yet another reason why it's important. 

5. Housing near public transportation uses less energy than homes in the suburbs. 

6. It not only influences living quality but also decides whether you can enjoy much 

convenience in such aspects as working, schooling of children, and even travelling. 

心.Reflecting on the Text 

Public transport has become an urgent necessity in China. There are more and more 

vehicles on the busy road system in big cities such as Beijing and Shanghai. More cars mean 

more energy consumption and more air pollution. Public transport can in some way relieve 

the increasing pressure brought about by an increasing number of cars. As a responsible 

citizen, can you come up with some reasonable and feasible suggestions to the local or central 

government as to how to promote public transportation and call for green travel? 

306 

