

--- Page 320 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Light baggage to bring with you 

I just carry myself and my tiny baggage. I occupy the least space, which is actually 

wherever I happened to be standing or sitting, which contributes to my baggage being very 

economical and lighter to carry. If ever there would be untoward incidents while in transit, I'd 

always be assured that I only have myself to worry about, which is unlike when you're in your 

car. If an accident happens while you are in your car, you will be doubly aggravated because 

you will have to keep tabs on things other than yourself (who, by then, may be extremely 

anxious or even, may the Lord forbid, in a worst situation). 

Strong push for long-term environmental projects 

I am confident that I contribute more to efforts in sustaining and keepin呂 a much cleaner 

environment. Motorists always have to consider that they actually are contributing more to 

accumulated environmental damage when they use fossil-soureed fuel for their cars. Those who 

are concerned about the environment, especially policymakers, leaders and managers, might 

as well heed this by taking the chance to take public transportation if time allows them. Their 

followers will eventually get the message: you'll be contributing more to saving what's left of 

our habitat by keeping away from using less of the natural resources. 

Movement and exercise 

I get the chance to do my exercises walking from my place to the bus stand (or the 

subway station, or the ferry station). I actually feel a much healthier me whenever I take public 

transportation. 

Come, join me and everyone else taking public transportation. 

Mew Wmrrnm 

advantage /ad'vaintids/ n. 

a thing that helps you to be better or more successful 

than other people有利条件；有利因素；优势 

authentic /oi'0entik/ adj. 

true and accurate真实的；真正的 

assurance /a'Juarans/ n. 

a statement that something will certainly be true or will 

certainly happen, particularly when there has been 

doubt about it 保证；担保 

intentionally /in'tenjanali/ adv. 

with intention; in an intentional manner 有意地；故意地 

harsh /ha:J7 adj. 

cruel, severe and unkind残酷的；严酷的；严厉的 

respectfully /ri'spektfali/ adv. 

in a respectful manner 恭敬地 

able-bodied /,eibl 'bodid/ adj. 

physically healthy, fit and strong in contrast to 

somebody who is weak and disabled 健康的；健壮的 

warmth /wo:m0/ n. 

the state or quality of being enthusiastic and/or friendly 

热情；友情 

308 



--- Page 321 ---

guts /gAts/ n. 

Unit 10 Ode to Public Transport 

[pi.] the courage and determination that it takes to do 

something difficult or unpleasant 勇气；月旦量；决 

毅力 

particularly /pa'tikjabli/ adv. 

especially; more than usual or more than others 特另U; 

尤其 

ferry /'feri/ n. 

a boat or ship that carries people, vehicles and goods 

across a river or across a narrow part of the sea 渡月呂 

destination /.desti'neijn/ n. 

a place to which somebody/something is going or being 

sent目的地；终点 

maintenance /'meintansns/ n. 

the act of keeping something in good condition by 

checking or repairing it regularly 维护；保养 

economical /,i:k9'nDmikl/ adj. 

using no more of something than is necessary 节俭的； 

节约的；简洁的 

untoward /,Ant9'wo:d/ adj. 

unusual and unexpected, and usually unpleasant 异常 

的；意外的；棘手的；不幸的 

incident /'insidsnt/ n. 

something that happens, especially something unusual 

or unpleasant发生的事情（尤指不寻常的或讨厌的） 

transit /'traenzit/ n. 

the process of being moved or carried from one place 

to another运输；运送；搬运；载运 

aggravate /'aegroveit/ u. 

to make an illness or a bad or unpleasant situation 

worse使严重；使恶化 

push /puj/ n. 

a determined effort to achieve something 矢志的追求； 

坚定的努力 

sustain /so'stem/ v. 

to make something continue for some time without 

becoming less使保持；使稳定持续 

accumulate /a'kjuimjsleit/ v. 

to gradually get more and more of something over a 

period of time 积累；积聚 

heed /hiid/ v. 

to pay careful attention to somebody's advice or 

warning留心；注意；听从（劝告或警告） 

habitat /'haebitaet/ n. 

the place where a particular type of animal or plant is 

normally found (动植物的）生活环境，栖息地 

stand /staend/ n. 

a place where taxis, buses, etc. park while they are 

waiting for passengers f亭车处；立占 

Pit rases »觀禮 Em  ressi#iis 

pick up 

to allow somebody to get into your vehicle and take them somewhere 让人 

by and large 

used when you are saying something that is generally, but not completely, 

乘车；搭载 

309 



--- Page 322 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

conduct oneself 

to behave in a particular way 举止；表现 

true大体上；总体上 

in public 

when other people, especially people you do not know, are present 公开地; 

在别人（尤指生人）面前 

give up... to... 

to hand something over to somebody else 把...交给（或让与）... 

save on 

keep tabs on 

to avoid wasting something or using more than necessary 节省；节约 

to watch somebody/something carefully in order to know what is happening 

so that you can control a particular situation 监视；密切注视 

God/Heaven/Lord 

used to say that you hope that something will not happen 但愿这事不发生 

forbid (that...) 

誦®遞聰s 

1. Staten Island: Staten Island is a borough of New York City, New York, United States, located 

in the southwest part of the city. 

Exercises 

Checking Your Comprehension 

r—I 
Section A I 

Directions: Read the following statements and mark Y (for Yes) if the statement agrees with the 

information given in the text; N (for No) if the statement contradicts the information given in the 

text; NG (for Not Given) if the information is not given in the 松". 

( )1. Generally speaking, the author has had pleasant experiences in taking public 

transport. 

( )2. People were taught to behave politely and respectfully, but they fail to do so when 

they take public transport. 

( ) 3. In New York, it is far more convenient to drive to your usual destination than to 

take public transport. 

( ) 4. If an accident happens, there are more possibilities to get doubly aggravated on 

public transport than in your own car. 

( )5. Taking public transport contributes to saving the environment. 

( ) 6. By using public transportation, the author gets more chances to do exercise. 

Section B I 
i—j 

Directions: Complete the following sentences with the information given in the text 

1. When taking public transport, the author always_a balanced view of 



--- Page 323 ---

Unit 玉0 Ode to Public Transport 

regular folks. 

2. People generally_whenever they take public transportation. 

3. We always need to_when in public. 

4. It_to behave genuinely pleasant toward co-passengers during these difficult 

times. 

5. Taking public transport can help you save cash_. 

6. The author is confident that using public transportation contributes more to 

_a much cleaner environment. 

©Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A I 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. The school pays for heating and the_of the buildings, (maintain, maintenance) 

2._progress has been made in finding a cure for the disease, (consider, 

considerable) 

3. It will be more_to take public transport than to drive one's own car. 

(economy, economical) 

4. Climate is the_of weather over a standard average of 30 years, (accumulate, 

accumulation) 

5. The coldness of the place was gradually replaced by light and_. (warm, 

warmth) 

6. She stared up at him, as if asking for some kind of_, her eyes not blinking. 

(assure, assurance) 

Section 区 I 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

••-.....\ 
i advantage intention sustain push ： 

:incident aggravate stand destination : 
、、、.......J 

1. The idea is to continue training and_yourself to the limit to get better. 

2. The fact that he didn't speak a foreign language put him at a distinct_. 

3. The expansion of the Internet may account for wider reportin呂of these_ 

4. I did it with the best_, but I only succeeded in annoying them. 

311 



--- Page 324 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

5. The love and support of his family_him during his difficult times. 

6. These are the long-term, unaddressed social problems that will be_by the 

floods. 

r~j 
Section C j 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. The bus picks_passengers outside the airport. 

2. She doesn't like to be seen_public without her make-up on. 

3. On the bus, he gave up his seat_a pregnant woman. 

4. He wants to open his own business, but he needs a push_ 

it to get him 

started. 

5. Taking public transport can not only help you save_fares, but also 

contribute to keeping a cleaner environment. 

6. Last year, the trading company saw a greatly increased profit_exports. 

©Translation 

Section A 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. The report challenges them_(检查他们在王 

作场所如何表现)with a computer, (conduct oneself) 

2. Unemployment seems to be rising,_(尽管 

政府做了扩大就业的保证).(assurance) 

3. You should 

(consider) 

(在你行动之前考虑其他人). 

4. Being influential public figures,_(他们从不 

在公众面前争吵).（in public) 

5. She was_(十分确信一切都会按计划进行)! 

(be confident) 

Section 陵 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

When it comes to personal finance, we are all looking for ways to save more money. Our 

household budgets are filled with both big and small expenses that we imagine can be cut out 

312 



--- Page 325 ---

Un化玉0 Ode to Public Transport 

to save us loads of cash or, at the very least, spent better elsewhere. One of the things you have 

surely considered is using public transportation rather than your own vehicle. 

It would be easy to assume that public transportation is cheaper, because a bus token is 

far less expensive than gas, but those are not the only costs to consider. Take a step back to your 

high school economics class and try to remember the lesson about opportunity costs. These, as 

you might recall if you were awake for that class, are the things you give up when you choose 

one option over another option. Although they are not measured in dollars and cents, they still 

have to be considered whenever you make a financial decision. 

Cl Writing 
Section A I 

Directions: The following sentences are not concise. Try to improve them. 

r------- 

Example: 

L_ 

There are more books in their library than in our librar j';:.幕批斜 

常 lunmfmmaunmiataiwmmiiuHmaanm巧。皿 

Revision: 

There are more books in their library than in ours. 

1. At this point in time in our country, the amount of violence seems to be increasing every 

day. 

2. I called to the children repeatedly to get their attention, but my shouts did not get any 

response from them. 

3. Starting as from the month of June, I will be working at the store on a full-time basis. 

4. Due to the fact that Chen's car refused to start up, he had to take public transportation 

by bus to his place of work. 

5. When I was just a little boy, I already knew in my mind that my goal was to be a stockbroker 

in the future of my life. 

Section B | 

Directions: Choose from the following trsnsitiormi expressions and put them in the blanks in the 

paragraphs. 

/...'、、 
I even also similarly for example j 
i but in conclusion 、 much as i 
\. 

Many Americans have turned into driving or walking billboards. »1_we all claim 

to hate commercials on television, we don't seem to have any doubts about turning ourselves 

into commercials. Our car bumpers (保险杠)， 2 , advertise lake resorts, underground 

313 



--- Page 326 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

caverns (大洞穴)，and amusement parks. 為 ,we wear clothes marked with other 

people's initials and slogans. Our fascination with the names of designers shows up on the 

backs of our sneakers and the pockets of our shirts and blue jeans. 

4 , we wear T-shirts filled with all kinds of advertising messages. For instance, 

people are willing to wear shirts that read "Dillon Construction," "Nike," or 3藝 "I Got 

Crabs at Ed's Seafood Palace." These messages belong on highway billboards. 

働;. ,we say we hate commercials,_7_we actually pay people for the 

right to advertise their products. 

section a 

Directions: Write a short essay with a clear central idea and effective development in about 150 

words. You should base your writing on the following situation and give consideration to the 

unity, coherence and variety of each paragraph. 

Most citizens in Urumqi(乌鲁木齐）are pleased with the free bus travel 

provided to seniors over 65. However, a heated discussion has been 

triggered when seniors take the bus at rush hour with the young workers, 

because it intensifies traffic jams. Some suggest canceling the free ride for 

seniors at rush hour while others state that due respect should be given to 

seniors. Which side would you take and what reasons can you offer? 

314 



--- Page 327 ---

Unit 10 Ode to Public Transport 

ps for English Learning 

‘巧:‘;' 
'姻解 

麵曲麵醜瞧垂編瞧 

Improving Your Listening — Listen for Context & Key Words 

Let's imagine that your English speaking friend says, "I bought this great tuner at JR's. It 

was really cheap and now I can finally listen to National Public Radio broadcasts." You don't 

understand what a tuner is. If you focus on the word tuner you might become frustrated. 

However, if you think in context you probably will understand. For example, "bought" is the 

past tense of "buy"; "listen" is no problem and "radio" is obvious. Now you understand: He 

bought something — the tuner — to listen to the radio. A tuner must be a kind of radio! This is 

a simple example but it demonstrates what you need to focus on: Not the word that you don't 

understand, but the words you do understand. 

Use keywords or key phrases to help you understand the general ideas. If you understand 

"New York", "business trip", and "last year", you can assume that the person is speaking 

about a business trip to New York last year. This may seem obvious to you, but remember that 

understanding the main idea will help you to understand the detail as the person continues to 

speak. 

The above-mentioned ideas on how to listen seem to encourage you to not understand 

everything. This is absolutely correct. One hundred percent understanding is something to 

work towards and not to expect of yourself now. Listening needs a great amount of practice and 

patience. Allow yourself the luxury of not becoming nervous when you do not understand, and 

you will be surprised by how quickly you do begin to understand. 

315 



--- Page 328 ---



--- Page 329 ---

Cyber World 

A Famous Quote 

The Internet is becoming the town square for the global 

village of tomorrow. 

因特网正成为明日地球村的中必广场。 

-比尔•盖茨 

—Bill Gates 

Bill Gates (1955— ), American business magnate, investor, 

philanthropist, and author. Gates is the former chief executive officer 

(CEO) and current chairman of Microsoft, the software company he 

founded with Paul Allen. 



--- Page 330 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

1$ 

Talking about Personality 

Sampic Bimimsmm 

Read the following conversation. Pay attention to how the speakers talk about personality. 

Steve: Could you tell me what kind of person do you consider Dr Miller to be? 

Jenny: He is very interesting and challenging. Are you going to be taking a class from him? 

Steve: Yes, but I have never taken his class before. 

Jenny: He is really clear on what you need to learn to get a good grade. Are you willing 

to study hard? 

Steve: Yes, I guess so. 

Jenny: What I really liked about him was that he was an understanding and friendly 

teacher. Do you enjoy that in a teacher? 

Steve: Yes, I had a teacher like that before. 

Jenny: Did you know that he is a veteran teacher? 

Steve: No, I didn't, but that could be a good thing. 

Jenny: Well, take a look at everything and figure out what is best for you. Good luck! 

亀mMm磯 Practice 

Directions: Talk about your own personality with your friend and make some comments on his/ 

her personality. Use your own information. You may use the following tips to help you. 

What kind of person do you consider ...to be? 

He's (really) ... 

What I really liked about him is ... 

Do you enjoy ... in ...? 

Did you know that he is ...? 

318 



--- Page 331 ---

Unit 11 Cyber World 

Text A 

Pre-rca 纔 iiig 錢§«8懲靈j獅8^篡 

1. Have you ever made a friend on the Internet? How did you develop your friendship? 

2. What suggestions can you give if one hopes to make friends on the Internet? 

Cyberlove 

Thanks to the late 20th century technology, Maria of Denmark and Martijin of Holland 

met on a chatline. For months they've talked and sent letters to each other with the help of 

their computers as they found themselves falling head over heels in love. It was then that they 

decided to meet in the real, not only the virtual, world. It was not easy to arrange as the young 

man and his lady were separated by 700 very real kilometers, but the date was a success and 

Maria and Martijin have been living together happily ever since. They've created a home page 

to let the world know how they've found happiness via the Internet and introduce couples 

who've met under similar circumstances. 

Throughout history men and women have used a variety of means to find each other. 

Internet romance, according to some, is a bizarre method, and to others it is a natural way for 

the 90's to meet potential mates. 

Romances formed on the Internet follow a characteristic script. The development of 

emotional intimacy is a long process, sometimes taking several months. "Love at first byte" 

is rare although there are examples. The initial light exchanges, whether by e-mail or in chat 

rooms, are generally followed by increasingly self-revealing topics, and then after a while, the 

two strangers perceive each other as a true friend. Hearts open, an avalanche of e-mail crosses 

cyberspace carrying literary quality, and electronic messages are even enhanced with verses 

and virtual gifts (flowers, kisses, animated pictures). Could any heart with romantic inclinations 

resist? When you reach for the mouse with sweaty palms and butterflies in the stomach to look 

in the in-box for new mail — there's just no way to escape the fact — love has arrived. 

How does a cyber romance vary from a real life romance? Perhaps one significant 

difference is that communication plays such a large part. Words that convey feelings have 

enormous effect. While before a real date we fix our hair and our clothes, on the Internet we 

polish our intellect, imagination and personality. In essence, the sequence is reversed — first 

we show our inner beauty and only after it has won victory does the veil fall off the physical 

319 



--- Page 332 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

vehicle of that personality at the time of that first meeting in person. 

It is a popular topic in cyberspace to debate whether or not true love can develop merely 

on an intellectual level, without physical attraction or the familiarity of the other's appearance. 

To put it another way: Does the physical appearance of the man or woman play a part in the 

relationship if, through the exchange of thoughts and feelings, they already fell in love? 

Many say it is against the nature of love to be deprived of the sense of sight, the look, the 

movement, and the body language being present. There are those, of course, who favor Internet 

relationships claiming that the intensity of the emotional relationship that develops in such a 

way is superior to the mere stirring of the flesh. 

Whatever the opinion may be on cyberlove, it must be said in favor of the Internet that 

it puts people in touch with those who they otherwise would never have met. I would never 

have suspected that the first person I met by e-mail would be a German chimney sweeper, with 

whom, after a year of correspondence, albeit not romantic, a common interest still exists. 

It is silly to perceive the Net as a demon, when we determine how we meet its challenges. 

While there are those who can use the Net to their advantage extracting useful information, 

there are those who become addicts losing common sense, hopping from chat room to chat 

room, writing piles of e-mails full of lies to chosen victims, and whose virtual reality, the 

flirtations, become part of their everyday lives, as if a disease. One thing is true — the Net is 

very addictive. According to the confession of a multiple substance addict^ it was easier to give 

up cocaine than the IRC]. 

In any case, keep your eyes open off-line as well. Turn off the machine and go to a dance 

or a club, because most women still expect to be courted in a real, old-fashioned, and romantic 

way. 

Mew ?■■■哺m 

chatline 

/'tjaetlain/ n. 

a telephone service which allows a number of people 

who call in separately to have a conversation, especially 

for fun (消遣性的）热线电话交谈服务 

variety 

/vs'raiati/ n. 

several different sorts of the same thing (同一事物的） 

不同种类，多种式样’ 

romance 

/rau'maens/ n. 

love or the feeling of being in love 恋爱；爱情 

bizarre 

/bi'zai(r)/ adj. 

potential 1 /pa'tenjl/ adj. 

very strange or unusual极其怪诞的；异乎寻常的 

that can develop into something or be developed in the 

future潜在的；可能的 

script /skript/ n. a written text of a play, film/movie, broadcast, talk, 

320 



--- Page 333 ---

Unit 11 Cyber World 

etc.剧本；广播（或讲话等）稿 

intimacy /'intimasi/ n. 

the state of having a close personal relationship with 

somebody亲密；关系密切 

initial /I'nijl/ adj. 

happening at the beginning 最初的；开始的 

self-revealing /.self ri'viilig/ adj. 

displaying, exhibiting, or disclosing one's most private 

feelings, thoughts, etc.表白真情的 

perceive /ps'siiv/ v. 

to understand or think of somebody/something in a 

particular way将…视为；认为 

avalanche /'aevalainj/ n. 

a mass of snow, ice and rock that falls down the side of 

a mountain雪崩；山崩 

literary /'litarari/ adj. 

connected with literature 文学的；文学上的 

verse /v3：s/ n. 

writing that is arranged in lines, often with a regular 

rhythm or pattern of rhyme 诗；韵文 

animated /'aenimeitid/ adj. 

(of pictures, drawings, etc. in a film/movie) made to look 

as if they are moving栖栖如生的；（似）能活动的 

inclination /.mkli'neijn/ n. 

a feeling that makes you want to do something f顷向； 

意愿 

sweaty /'sweti/ adj. 

covered or damp with sweat满是汗的；汗津津的 

palm /paim/ n. 

the inner surface of the hand between the wrist and the 

fingers手掌；手心 

vary /'veari/ u. 

to be different from each other in size, shape, etc.相异； 

不同 

convey /ksn'vei/ u 

to make ideas, feelings, etc. known to somebody 表达， 

传递（思想、感情等） 

polish /'poll// u. 

to make changes to something in order to improve it 修 

改；润饰；润色 

intellect /'mt^lekt/ n. 

the ability to think in a logical way and understand 

things, especially at an advanced level (尤指高等的） 

智力，思维逻靖领悟力 

personality /,p3：S9'nael9ti/ n. 

the various aspects of a person's character that combine 

to make them different from other people 性格：个性； 

人格 

sequence /'siikwsns/ n. 

the order that events, actions, etc. happen in or should 

happen in顺序；次序 

reverse /ri'vsis/ v. 

to change something completely so that it is the 

opposite of what it was before 颠倒；彻底转变；使完 

全相反 

veil /veil/ n. 

something that stops you from learning the truth about 

321 



--- Page 334 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

intellectual /,int3'lektju9l/ adj： 

connected with or using a person's ability to think in a 

a situation掩饰；掩盖 

logical way and understand things 智力的；脑力的； 

理智的 

familiarity /fa.mili'aerati/ n. 

the state of knowing somebody/something well 熟悉； 

通晓 

appearance /a'piarans/ n. 

the way that somebody/something looks on the 

outside外貌；外表 

intensity /in'tensati/ n. 

the state or quality of being intense 强烈；紧张；剧烈 

stirring /'stairig/ n. 

the beginning of a feeling, an idea or a development 

(感情、想法或发展的）开始，出现，萌发 

flesh /flej/ n. 

the soft substance between the skin and bones of 

animal or human bodies (动物或人的）肉 

suspect /ss'spekt/ v. 

to have an idea that something is probably true or 

likely to happen, especially something bad, but without 

having definite proof疑有，觉得（尤指坏事可能属实 

或发生） 

correspondence /.kDrs'spDndans/ n. 

the activity of writing letters 通信；通信联系 

albeit /,3：rbi:it/ conj. 

although尽管；虽然 

demon /'diiman/ n. 

an evil spirit 恶魔；魔鬼 

determine /di'tsimin/ v. 

to officially decide something 决定 

extract /ik'straekt/ v. 

to choose information, etc, from a book, a computer, 

etc. to be used for a particular purpose 选取；摘录； 

选录 

addict /'aedikt/ n. 

a person who is very interested in something and 

spends a lot of their free time on it 对…入迷的人 

hop /hop/ V. 

to go or move somewhere quickly and suddenly 突然 

快速去某处 

flirtation /flsi'teijn/ n. 

behaviour that shows you find somebody sexually 

attractive but are not serious about them 调情 

addictive /a'diktiv/ adj. 

if an activity or type of behaviour is addictive, people 

need to do it as often as possible because they enjoy 

it使人入迷的 

confession /kan'fejn/ n. 

a statement that a person makes, admitting that they are 

guilty of a crime认罪；供认；坦白 

multiple /'mAltipl/ adj. 

many in number; involving many different people or 

things数量多的；多种多样的 

court /ko:t/ V. 

if a man courts a woman, he spends time being nice to 



--- Page 335 ---

Unit 11 Cyber World 

her because he hopes to marry her (男子向女子）求 

爱，追求 

Phrases mmM Expressions 

head over heels in love loving somebody very much 深深地爱着某人；迷恋 

butterflies in the stomach a nervous feeling in your stomach before doing something 心里七上 

deprive ... of ... to prevent somebody from having or doing something, especially 

八下 

something important 剥夺；使丧失 

Kef Sentences 

1. The initial light exchanges, whether by e-mail or in chat rooms, are generally followed by 

increasingly self-revealing topics, then after a while, the two strangers perceive each other as 

a true friend. 

不管是通过电子邮件还是聊天室，最初是简单的交流，然后是越来越多自我表露的话 

题，过了一段时间之后，两个陌生人把彼此当成了真正的朋友。 

2. In essence the sequence is reversed — first we show our inner beauty and only after it has 

won victory does the veil fall off the physical vehicle of that personality at the time of that 

first meeting in person. 

其实顺序是相反的：我们先展示了内在美，只有在内在美赢得胜利之后，第一次见面， 

外在的东西才展露出来。 

1. Substance addict can simply be defined as "a person with a chronic relapsing disorder 

characterized by persistent drug-seeking and drug-taking behaviours". 

2. Internet Relay Chat (IRC) is a form of real-time Internet text messaging (chat) or synchronous 

conferencing. It is mainly designed for group communication in discussion forums, but also 

allows one-to-one communication. 

Checking Your Comprehension 

iMercises 

Directions: Choose the best answer to each question from the information given in the passage. 

1. Maria and Martijin have created a home page to 

A) show how happy they are now 

323 



--- Page 336 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

B) present couples like them on the Net 

C) introduce those who want a partner 

D) reveal the secrets to live happily 

2. One feature of the romances formed on the Internet is that_. 

A) people will truly deliver gifts such as flowers by mail 

B) two strangers exchange personal information first 

C) one may wait for new mail as quietly as possible 

D) a close relationship may take several months to develop 

3. What is the essential difference of a cyber romance from a real life romance? 

A) True love can develop even without knowing true names. 

B) Communication through words is much more important. 

C) More romantic words and expressions are needed. 

D) Physical appearance accounts for much of inner beauty. 

4. No matter what the opinion may be on cyberlove, the Internet_. 

A) lets people know those who they otherwise would never have met 

B) keeps people in touch with their old friends all the time 

C) helps people find those who they have lost touch with 

D) asks people to strengthen their communication with others 

5. What is one of the challenges mentioned about the Internet? 

A) It takes up too much of people's time. 

B) It provides some rubbish information. 

C) One may become addicted to it. 

D) One may have a life full of lies. 

京！ Building Your Vocabulary 

r 
Section A 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1.1 wasn't complaining, I_said that I was tired, (mere, merely) 

2. I discussed with my_friends whether I would immediately have a baby. 

(intimate, intimacy) 

3. Technicians were examining the missile to_why it didn't fire, (determine, 

determination) 

4. We thought that Egypt was an incredibly_country, (romance, romantic) 

弓.There is a_that management only wants to cut costs’（perceive, perception) 

324 



--- Page 337 ---

6. This type of work is not easy because it requires 

concentration, (intense, 

Unit 11 Cyber World 

intensity) 

Section B | 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

1. If you see James in the school, do_my apologies to him. 

2. Her biography_that she was not as rich as everyone thought. 

3. Students are offered a wide_of courses in this department. 

4. Police_that she had some connection with the robbery. 

5. A number of 

buyers have expressed interest in the company. 

6. He has a very outgoing 

_and makes friends very easily. 

r~i 

Section C 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. The play succeeded thanks_fine acting by all the cast. 

2. We oppose capital punishment_any circumstances. 

3. It was reported that computers were often perceived_a threat. 

4. The samples varied_quality but were generally acceptable. 

5. He claimed that he had been deprived 

his freedom. 

6. The sound quality is superior_ 

that on a regular CD. 

啦! Bridging the Gap 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with a word or a phrase that best completes the passage. You may 

choose a suitable one from the list given. 

daily 

V 

schedule 

get up 

since 

communicate 

everywhere 

in touch with 

use 

while 

enjoy 

Don't we find it irresistible? The Internet is 1 , and it is loved and used by 

everyone for everything. Many of us 審 in the morning, and before saying hello to 

anyone we live with or before even having breakfast, we sit down and use and 3 

the Internet. We get our news, receive our mail, send our letters, write to our teachers, do 

325 



--- Page 338 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

our shopping, arrange our lives, 华‘ our travels, meet new friends, review all the 

knowledge in the universe, and most of us do it 邀we are si片ing in a chair looking 

at the screen. Can life get any better? I think any of us who make the Internet a 包 

companion would agree that nothing has been the same '雜’ we first decided to go 

online. 

A quick survey reveals that most people will tell you that they use the Internet to stay 

8 others. Most of us say that writing or receiving e-mail is our number one 

9 of the Internet. We do this at home, at work, or wherever we sit down at a 

computer. We send and receive e-mails for fun, for personal reason, for daily business, and in 

all areas of our work. The Internet allows us to 10 from room to room, city to city, or 

country to country for the same price and the same immediate speed. Correspondence is king 

of Internet use. 

Translation 

S投ction h 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. Scientists claimed that this discovery_(被 

视为一项重大突破).(perceive) 

2. _(在任何情况下你都不能接近那个人).(under 

no circumstances) 

3. It is for the court to_(决定她是否有罪)• 

(determine) 

4. You can't function properly_(当你失眠时). 

be deprived of) 

5. I don't want to go and_坏管怎乾我巧被 

邀请).（in any case) 

Section B I - 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

Relationships are becoming increasingly common across the Internet in all their varied 

forms. Tens of thousands of people are exploring online romances and millions more are forging 

friendships over the Internet. In our new digital age these online relationships could very well 

be the next logical step for humanity. People have the opportunity to know all manner of folk 

326 



--- Page 339 ---

Unit:玉至 Cyb贷r World 

they would never meet in their day-to-day life. These online relationships often cross cultural, 

economical, national, age and societal boundaries in ways not even possible in the real world. 

However, when you are talking to people online, you have no way of telling what the 

person you are talking to is like. Without the ability to see someone, you cannot properly judge 

them, and you never know what sort of person you are talking to until you make the dangerous 

step of meeting them in real life. 

Directions: Put the following sentences in the proper order so that they make a complete 

paragraph. 

1. Nancy's mother was very skeptical until Nancy said, "Ifs true, Mom. Think of something 

to ask it." 

2. My friend Nancy and I decided to introduce her elderly mother to the magic of the 

Internet. 

3. We told her it could answer any question she had. 

4. As I sat with fingers poised over the keyboard, Nancy's mother thought for a while and 

responded, "How is Aunt Helen feeling?" 

5. Our first move was to access the popular Ask Jeeves website. 

Reflecting on the Text 

The Internet plays an increasingly significant role in modern society. Many people use the 

Internet for communication, entertainment, access to information, and even online shopping. 

What are the other uses of the Internet? Which use are you interested in most? Can you find 

good points and bad points concerning this use? Give reasons and examples to support yourself. 

327 



--- Page 340 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Prc-reatfing 

1. Can you imagine what your life would be like without the Internet? 

2. What do you think is the impact of the Internet on society? 

The Impact of the Internet on Society 

The Internet has had a profound effect on society over the last two decades. Although it 

began as a government operation, over time this innovative technology eventually evolved into 

a public novelty. Looking at society today, one may find that the situation has certainly evolved. 

For many, the Internet has become an essential for daily living, no longer the fun novelty it was 

10 years ago. Even a decade ago if you were to think about whether or not the Internet had a 

significant impact on society, the answer would likely have been probably not. While the Net 

may have been considered a neat innovation, it was not like anyone "needed" it. 

However, over time this perception has changed for many individuals in society. The 

Internet has become, for the most part, an absolute necessity, either by requirement or by 

desire. Going online has become as natural as doing other daily tasks people have traditionally 

done. People take it for granted that the Internet will be available, and dependency on being 

connected has become the norm. Both businesses and individuals alike depend upon the 

routine availability of the Internet. Due to the fact that many businesses, government agencies 

and other organizations have navigated to the online environment, generally people require 

consistent access, or 2A口、access, if you will. 

In many ways the Internet has had a very positive effect on society. It has improved 

communication, simplified handling tasks and errands, offered huge convenience, enabled 

faster processing, and provided more options, all of which have freed more time to do other 

things. 

Yet, interestingly enough the Internet has, in some ways, had negative effects. The quality 

of communication has declined; people are impatient because they have become accustomed 

to instant gratification, and using the Internet also takes up a lot of time. As websites such 

as Facebook and other socially based interactions increase in usage, many hours a day are 

consumed as people keep up with their various networks, taking away from other activities. 

When looking at it from the latter perspective, one may wonder whether or not the Internet 

328 



--- Page 341 ---

Unit 11 Cyber World 

has truly benefited society. Realistically, as with anything else, the Internet has its pros and cons. 

Tools such as e-mail and instant messaging have become the standard; social networks are 

quickly evolving into the next level of communication, and people enjoy their constant access. 

In this respect the benefits of the Internet are tremendous. This is not only evidenced by the 

many activities people engage in when they connect to the Internet, but also by the continuous 

progression and development of mobile devices such as smartphones. 

Society has evolved to the point where people expect and rely on readily available 

information. People also expect to receive rapid responses when doing business and personal 

tasks. The Internet makes this possible. Many of the things that society takes for granted 

nowadays are all made possible by the development of the Internet. 

What kind of an impact has the Internet had on society? Wrapped up in the advantages 

and disadvantages one thing is for certain: the Internet has had a significant effect on society. 

To imagine the impact all one has to do is try to envision the consequences if the Internet was 

suddenly removed from society. Imagine a world where the Internet was unavailable. How 

would it affect you? Looking at it from this respect, for many it likely brings to light just how 

reliant and dependent society has become on the Internet and it would be extremely hard to 

turn back the clock. 

Mewi- ■慶禮懲 

innovative /'insveitiv/ adj. 

introducing or using new ideas, ways of doing 

something, etc.革新的；创新的 

evolve /i'vdIv/ v. 

to develop gradually, especially from a simple to a more 

complicated form (使）逐渐形成，逐步发展 

novelty /'novlti/ n. 

a thing, person or situation that is interesting because it 

is new, unusual or has not been known before 新奇的 

事物（或人、环境） 

essential /I'senjl/ n. 

something that is needed in a particular situation or in 

order to do a particular thing必不可少的东西；必需品 

perception /po'sepjn/ n. 

an idea, a belief or an image you have as a result of 

how you see or understand something 看法；见解 

traditionally /tro'dijanali/ adv. 

in a traditional way传统上；照惯例 

dependency /di'pendonsi/ n. 

the state of relying on somebody/something for 

something, especially when this is not normal or 

necessary (尤指不正常或不必要的）依靠，依赖 

norm /norm/ n. 

a situation or a pattern of behaviour that is usual or 

expected常态；正常行为 

329 



--- Page 342 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

routine /rui'tiin/ adj. 

done or happening as a normal part of a particular job, 

situation or process常规的；例行公事的；日常的 

availability /9,veib'bil9ti/ n. 

the state of being able to be obtained or used 可用；可 

得到 

agency /'eid39nsi/ n. 

a government department that provides a particular 

service (政府的）专口机构 

navigate /'naevigeit/ v. 

to find your way around on the Internet or on a 

particular website (在因特网或网站上）导航 

access /'aekses/ n. 

a way of entering or reaching a place 通道；通路；入径 

simplify /isimplifai/ i7. 

to make something easier to do or understand 使简化； 

使简易 

errand /'erand/ n. 

a job that you do for somebody that involves going 

somewhere to take a message, to buy something, 

deliver goods, etc.差使；差事 

process /'prauses/ v. 

to perform a series of operations on data in a 

computer数据处理 

option /'Dpjn/ n. 

something that you can choose to have or do可选择的 

事物 

decline /di'klam/ v. 

to become smaller, fewer, weaker, etc.减少；下降； 

衰退 

impatient /im'peijnt/ adj. 

annoyed or irritated by somebody/something, especially 

because you have to wait for a long time 不耐烦的；没 

有耐心的 

gratification /.graetifi'keijn/ n. 

the state of feeling pleasure when something goes well 

for you or when your desires are satisfied 满足；满意 

interaction /.mtar'aekj'n/ n. 

the process by which different things affect each other 

or change each other相互作用；相互影响 

consume /kan'sjuim/ v. 

to use somethin吕，especially fuel, energy or time 消耗， 

耗费（燃料、能量、时间等） 

realistically /,ri:o'listikli/ adv. 

if you think about something realistically, you think 

about it in a practical way and according to what is 

actually possible现实地；实际地 

standard /'staendad/ n. 

a level of quality, especially one that people think is 

tremendous /tra'mendgs/ adj. 

very great巨大的；极大的 

evidence /'evidans/ v. 

to prove or show something 证明；表明 

acceptable (品质的）标准，水平，规格 

smartphone /'smaitfaun/ n. 

a mobile phone/cell phone that also has some of the 

functions of a computer 智能手机 

330 



--- Page 343 ---

Unit 11 Cyber World 

envision /inVisn/i;. to imagine what a situation will be like in the future, 

especially a situation you intend to work towards 展望； 

想象 

reliant /ri'laiant/ adj. needing somebody/something in order to survive, be 

successful, etc.依赖性的；依靠的 

Phrases mwA E彎wmssimm 

become accustomed to ... to become familiar with something and accept it as normal or 

usual习惯于 

take up to fill or use an amount of space or time 占去 

in this respect in a particular aspect or detail of something 在送方面 

bring ... to light to make new information known to people 揭露；披露；揭发 

Key 

1. As websites such as Facebook and other socially based interactions increase in usage, many 

hours a day are consumed as people keep up with their various networks, taking away from 

other activities. 

-些网站使用量大增，比如脸谱和其他社交网站。人们每天花费很多时间忙于各种网 

络联系，占用了其他活动的时间。 

2. This is not only evidenced by the many activities people engage in when they connect to the 

Internet, but also by the continuous progression and development of mobile devices such as 

smartphones. 
人们利用互联网所从事的种种活动，W及移动设备如智能手机的持续进步和发展都能 

证明这一点。 

誦® 4©s 

1. 24/7 is an abbreviation which stands for "24 hours a day, 7 days a week", usually referring 

to a business or service available at all times without interruption. In the UK it may be 

known as round-the-clock service, with or without the hyphens. 

331 



--- Page 344 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

iMcrcises 

Checking Your Comprehension 

Section A I 

maamamS 

Directions: Read the following statements and mark Y (for Yes) if the statement agrees with the 

information given in the text; N (for No) if the statement contradicts the information given in the 

text; NG (for Not Given) if the information is not given in the text. 

( )1. The Internet and web access have improved technologically over the last 10 years. 

( )2. The Internet is now essential to meet people's requirements or desires. 

( )3. One can get more free time to do other things because of the positive effect of the 

Internet. 

( )4. Websites such as Facebook encourage people to engage in other activities. 

( )5. The use of social networks is evidence to show the benefits of the Internet. 

( )6. One could live better if the Internet was taken away from the society. 

Section B 

Directions: Complete the following sentences with the information given in the text 

1. The Internet served as_at the beginning of its invention. 

2. It was not like that while the Net was considered a neat innovation a 

decade ago. 

3. Businesses and individuals alike rely on_of the Internet. 

4. People are not patient because they have been used to_. 

5. Many of the things we take for granted are all made possible by_. 

6. Imagine a world without the Internet; one might know how_society has 

become on it. 

Building Your Vocabulary 

’ 

Section A 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. Many women have abandoned their_role as wife and mother, (traditional, 

traditionally) 

2. Businesses have become increasingly_on complicated computing systems. 

(rely, reliant) 

332 



--- Page 345 ---

Unit 11 Cyber World 

3. Keeping a sheep in the garden is a_way of keeping the grass short! (novel, 

novelty) 

4. It is said that the new light bulbs_less electricity, (consume, consumption) 

5. You have the_of bicycling or taking the bus. (option, optional) 

6. He's a good teacher, but inclined to be a bit_with slow learners, (patient, 

impatient) 

Section B_| 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

evolve tremendous access standard 

simplify innovative decline interaction 

1. The technology has been_so that anyone can use it. 

2. The company has_over the years into a multi-million dollar organization. 

3. She's been a_help to me over the last few months. 

4. There's not enough_between the management and the workers. 

5. It is reported that the number of people buying their own homes has_. 

6. Generally speaking, not everyone judges success by the same_. 

Section C 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. We worried about his dependency_his mother. 

2. He gets impatient_the people who don't agree with him. 

3. He had not yet become accustomed_the fact that he was a rich man. 

4. Her time is fully taken_with writing because she likes it so much. 

5. _this respect, we are no different from other people. 

6. He's completely reliant_his wheelchair to get about. 

Translation 

Section A I 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1.1 know how busy you must be and_ _哦不 

想占用你太多时间).（take叩） 



--- Page 346 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

2. Some groups still have difficulty_ 

会服务).(access) 

3. Until then did I realize that we were 

送个方面落后).（in this respect) 

饿得社 

(在 

4. _ 

(实事求是地讲，他没有希望)，but that 

didn't stop him trying, (realistically) 

5. The statistics show that_ 

(只有10%的美国 

人经常参加锻炼).(engage in) 

Sectiori B 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

Internet TV most often refers to television shows that are available to watch on the Internet 

via downloading or streaming video. Most networks now feature their television programs on 

Internet TV sections of the show's official website. However, these are often only viewable to 

internet users located within the United States. Unlike streaming video, downloadable video 

allows users to keep the video content on their computers, and is the most popular method of 

watching Internet TV. 

The major benefits of Internet TV include programming selection and flexibility. Unlike 

regular television, Internet TV users can select virtually any program and episode they choose 

to watch at any given time. Internet TV watchers also don't need to record programs with a 

digital video recorder in order to pause, rewind or fast forward through certain sections — both 

streaming and downloading sites allow users these capabilities with Internet TV. 

游.Writing 
Section A I 
Directions: The following sentences are not concise. Try to improve them. 

*-■---; 1. --- 

.. .... ..7 

,；•- ' '主^ ' ' •化.护-才如术括拉:粗一:的巧占占巧，巧:明缸> - ,4, 三、 • a、、 、■•*、. 、、 — e 

Example: 

Many uneducated citizens who have never attended school 
人 ' ' 4、t 〜:户 二、，，兵 i , * •三 

continue to vote for better sdiods、 

L一一 1- 占占一公. 

曲一 -fc.—，化一…■.化.，山 J/,—J"丄-...icL心五u— 一一 lu 心一 J一一么——!_化 J _ —-V己一 —一二 J 一.心£—。_一 ： 1^ ■一 、_-_^  - J 

- " -- —- -- ~ — ~ 

Revision: 

Many uneducated citizens continue to vote for better schools. 

1. She sailed on a boat to London and she flew on an airplane to Paris and then she took a 

train to Rome. 

2. Beginning in the decade of the 1950s, NASA first initiated a program to develop and 

launch a series of passive satellites. 

334 



--- Page 347 ---

Unit 11 Cyber World 

3. In 1972, President Nixon and his counterparts in Beijing took a number of important 

steps that would result in an improvement in relations between their respective 

countries. 

4. This morning at 6:30 a.m., I woke up out of sleep to hear my alarm go off, but the alarm 

was turned off by me, and I returned back to a sleeping state. 

5. There is a possibility that one of the causes of so many teenagers running away from 

home is the fact that many of them have indifferent parents who don't really care about 

them. 

gBmaB88B«M8aa 

Section B 

ImwMnl 

Directions: Choose from the following transitional expressions and put them in the blanks in the 

paragraphs. 

likewise 

a second way 

also 

for example 

both 

thirdly 

similarly 

in the same way 

My hometown and my college town have several things in common. First, 樂 

are small rural communities. 2_, my hometown, Gridlock, has a population of 

only about 10,000 people. 3 my college town, Subnormal, consists of about 

11,000 local residents. This population swells to 15,000 people when the college students 

are attending classes. 4 in which these two towns are similar is that they are both 

located in rural areas. Gridlock is surrounded by many acres of farmland, which is devoted 

mainly to growing corn and soybeans, 

,Subnormal lies in the centre of farmland 

that is used to raise hogs and cattle.— 

_6_, these towns are similar in that they contain 

college campuses. Gridlock, for example, is home to Neutron College, which is famous for its 

Agricultural Economics program as well as for its annual Corn-Watching Festival. '彩—, 

the town of Subnormal boasts the beautiful campus of Quark College, which is well known for 

its Agricultural Engineering department and 8 for its yearly Ho吕-Calling Contest. 

335 



--- Page 348 ---

英语（二）自学教程 
Section C I 

Directions: Write a short essay with a clear central idea and effective development in about 150 

words. You should base your writing on the following situation and give consideration to the 

unity, coherence and variety of each paragraph. 

Your best friend recently has become addicted to online chat rooms and 

games and your friendship has started to suffer since you do not approve 

of his/her practice. What do you plan to do to maintain this friendship? 

Tips for English Learning 

:;..:户-一占,-'詞姑节货兮〜呼必巧提参唆妄〜-.,7.7;马絲主古 . . 餐 

,辉 、一寅害酝' 嘗; 

Improving Your Writing (1) — Keep a Journal 

Don't always pay attention to grammar. Freewriting can be very useful. It can show you 

that writing is fun. Have fun with the language. For people who find it boring to write a diary 

about things that happen to them every day, the best thing is to let your imagination go and 

write about whatever comes into your head. The advantage of this is that if you can't think of 

how to say something in English, you can just change the story to something that is easier to 

explain. Perhaps the easiest way to start writing fiction in English is with a diary, changing any 

details you like to make it more interesting and adding more and more fantasy as the weeks 

go on. 

336 



--- Page 349 ---

A Break from We 

Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted, 

浪费时间而能乐在其中就无所谓浪费。 

——John Lennon 

-约翰•列{农 

John Lennon (1940-1980), English rock musician, singer, 

songwriter, artist and peace activist, known as one of the founding 

members of The Beatles. 



--- Page 350 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

磯 ft#;圾嫩®的呵锋 

v';r’/‘‘‘ 

爬 • • 

Speaking Activity 
isM. 
‘膨…-^rrnmmmm 

Taking a Job Interview 

Samp •. Imwwt 

Read the following conversation. Pay attention to how the speaker takes a job interview. 

Interviewee: 

Hello, I really appreciate the opportunity to interview for this position. 

Manager: 

I was wondering if you like team projects, or projects that you work on 

alone? --- 

Interviewee: 

I like to work on group projects that value and need each individual's 

contributions. 

Manager: 

Are you most interested in a good steady job with benefits or one that will 

allow you to quickly advance? 

Interviewee: 

I have children so a steady job is important but I would like a chance to 

advance. 

Manager: 

How would you feel about relocating to another state? 

Interviewee: 

I could not relocate in the next year, but might be open to it in the future. 

Manager: 

Do you know how much this job offers per year? 

Interviewee: 

A minimum of $75,000 per year. 

Manager: 

OK, well, that's all! need to know for now. If something comes up, well be 

contacting you. 

‘Cwlde禱 Practic© 

Directions: Make a dialogue of a job interview with your partner. Use your own information. 

You may use the following tips to help you. 

Hello, I really appreciate the opportunity to interview for this position. 

I was wondering if... 

I like to work on group projects that value and need each individual's contributions. 

Are you most interested in ... ? 

How would you feel about... ? 

Do you know how much this job offers per year? 

To be honest, I don't plan in that much detail. 

If something comes up, we'll be contacting you. 

338 

