

--- Page 352 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

and enjoy a mini-vacation. What would you like to do? Read? You're already doing that. Pamper 

yourself? Take a bubble bath. Be a hermit? Let the machine answer the phone. 

I poured half the bottle of bath gel into the streaming water and added a hearty handful 

of chamomile bath salts. Then I lit a vanilla-scented candle and gingerly stepped into the 

bathtub. With a grateful sigh, I immersed myself in my homemade spa\ I heard the phone ring 

somewhere off in the distance and smiled. 

It is funny how the aches subsided in the heat of the tub. They just slipped away with the 

last of the bubbles down the drain. My head felt just fine, the throb replaced by a sense of well¬ 

being. 

By late afternoon, I was back at it, refreshed physically, mentally and emotionally. And 

rather than feeling helpless, I felt empowered. I had given myself permission to listen and 

respond to my needs, to care for myself the way I tended to my family. I didn't need the crutch 

of illness to justify a rest. It was such a simple awareness, but then isn't it the simple things that 

set us free? 

Mew W®rds 

cranky /'kraegki/ adj. 

bad-tempered脾气坏的 

laundry /'loindri/ n. 

clothes, sheets, etc. that need washing, that are being 

washed, or that have been washed recently 要（或正在） 

洗的衣物；刚就好的衣物 

resemble /ri'zembl/ v. 

to look like or be similar to another person or thing 看 

起来像；显得像；像 

throb /Grob/ n. 

a strong regular beat; a feeling of pain that you experience 

as a series of strong beats (强烈有规律的）跳动；阵阵 

的疼痛 

subside /sab'said/ v. 

to become calmer or quieter 鲁、；Mil ； 

ache /eik/ v. 

joint /dsoint/ n. 

消退 

to feel a continuous dull pain 疼痛；隐痛 

a place where two bones are joined together in the 

body in a way that enables them to bend and move 关节 

shuffle /ijAfl/ u. 

to walk slowly without lifting your feet completely off 

the ground拖着脚走 

wiggle /'wigl/ v. 

to move from side to side or up and down in short 

quick movements; to make something move in this way 

(使）扭动，摆动，摇动 

sniffle /'snifl/ n. 

an act or the sound of sniffling, especially because you 

340 



--- Page 353 ---

Unit 12 A Break from Life 

are crying or have a cold 抽鼻子（声） 

tissue /'tiju:/ n. 

a piece of soft paper that absorbs liquids, used 

especially as a handkerchief (尤指用作手帕的）纸巾， 

手巾纸 

pillow /'pibu/ n. 

a square or rectangular piece of cloth filled with soft 

material, used to rest your head on in bed 枕头 

crack /kraek/ v. 

to find the solution to a problem, etc.找到解决（难题 

等的）方法 

contagious /k9n'teid39s/ adj. 

if a person is contagious, they have a disease that can 

be spread to other people by touch 患接触性传染病的 

germ /d33：m/ n. 

a very small living thing that can cause infection and 

disease微生物；细菌；病菌 

resourceful /ri'soisfl/ adj. 

good at finding ways of doing things and solving 

problems, etc.机敏的；足智多谋的；随机应变的 

scrounge /skraund3/ v. 

to get or find something by looking in different places, 

asking different people, etc.贾取;搜寻 

nurture /'naitJ^CrV v. 

to care for and protect somebody/something while they 

are growing and developing 养育；养护；培养 

chore /tJo:(r)/ n. 

an unpleasant or boring task令人厌烦的任务；乏味无 

聊的工作 

respite /'respait/ n. 

a short break or escape from something difficult or 

unpleasant暂停；暂缓 

manufacture /,maenju'faektj9(r)/ v. 

to invent a story, an excuse, etc.编造；捏造 

symptom /'simptam/ n. 

a change in your body or mind that shows that you are 

not healthy 症状 

pamper /'paemp9(r)/ u. 

to take care of somebody very well and make them feel 

as comfortable as possible细心照顾；精心护理；娇惯； 

纵容 

hermit /'haimit/ n. 

a person who, usually for religious reasons, lives a very 

simple life alone and does not meet or talk to other 

people隐±;隐修者；遁世者 

gel /d3el/ n. 

a thick substance like jelly, especially one used in 

products for the hair or skin凝胶，冻胶（尤指用于头 

发或护肤的产品） 

hearty /'haiti/ adj. 

large; making you feel full 大的；丰盛的 

chamomile /'kaemamail/ n. 

a plant with a sweet smell and small white and yellow 

vanilla-scented /v9,nilo 'sentid/ adj. 

flavoured with vanilla 呑草味的 

flowers苹果菊；春黄菊；甘菊 

341 



--- Page 354 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

gingerly /'d3ind39li/ adv. 

in a careful way, because you are afraid of being hurt, 

of making a noise, etc.谨慎地；小心翼翼地；轻手轻 

脚地 

grateful /'greitfl/ adj. 

feeling or showing thanks because somebody has done 

spa /spa:/ n. 

tub /tAb/ n. 

something kind for you or has done as you asked 感激 

的；表示感谢的 

a good bath for relaxation or invigoration 水疗 

a large, long container that you put water in and then 

get into to wash your whole body 浴缸；浴盆 

drain /drem/ n. 

a pipe that carries away dirty water or other liquid 

waste下水道；排水管 

refresh /ri'frej/ v. 

to make somebody feel less tired or less hot 使恢复精 

力；使凉爽 

emotionally /I'maujansli/ adv. 

in the way connected with people's feelings 感情上地； 

情感上地 

empower /im'pauaCr)/ v. 

to give somebody more control over their own life or 

the situation they are in增加（某人的）自主权；使控 

制局势 

permission /pa'mijn/ n. 

the act of allowing somebody to do something, 

especially when this is done by somebody in a position 

of authority准许；许可；批准 

justify /'d3Astifai/ v. 

to give an explanation or excuse for something or for 

doing something对…作出解释；为…辩解（或辩护） 

awareness /a'wesnss/ n. 

knowing something; knowing that something exists and 

is important知道；认识；意识 

WMrmsmm 纖麵纏 lMpressi#iis 

pile up 

to become larger in quantity or amount 堆积；积压 

come down with 

to get an illness that is not very serious 患，得，染上（小病） 

slip away 

respond to 

care for 

tend to 

to stop existing; to disappear or die 消失；消亡；死去 

to do something as a reaction to something that somebody has said or done 

作出反馈；响应 I 

to look after somebody who is sick, very old, very young, etc.'暇顾，貝焉料 

(病、老、幼者等） 

to care for somebody or something 照料；照管；护理 

342 



--- Page 355 ---

Unit 12 A Break from Life 

Me霄S懸n毯®it戀聰级 

1. My family was resourceful enough to scrounge clothing for the next day. 

家人足够有能力找到第二天能穿的衣服。 

2. I had given myself permission to listen and respond to my needs, to care for myself the way I 

tended to my family. 

我给了自己倾听并满足自己需求的机会，像照顾家人一样关心一下自己。 

1. A spa is usually a resort area providing therapeutic baths or having mineral springs. It is a 

place where people can relax and improve their health with thermal or mineral water. Here 

a home-made spa refers to a good bath in the tub for relaxation or invigoration. A spa at 

home is believed to be able to treat the achy muscles and stressed-out skin. 

Checking Your Comprehension 

Exercises 

Directions: Choose the best answer to each question from the information given in the passage. 

1. What does the author intend to tell the readers in this story? 

A) People should feel free to respond to their own needs. 

B) People need to find an excuse to justify a rest. 

C) A homemade spa can relieve people's aches. 

D) Simple things can set people free. 

2. The author felt_when she woke up on that day. 

A) free 

B) refreshed 

C) empowered 

D) unpleasant 

3. The author went back to bed because_ 

A) she was still sleepy 

B) she felt she was coming down with the flu 

C) she had no work to do 

D) she had no strength 

4. What the author really wanted was 

A) a little time off 

B) to be sick 

343 



--- Page 356 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

C) to avoid doing housework 

D) to avoid responsible tasks 

5. After_, the author felt empowered rather than helpless. 

A) a whole day of sleep 

B) a homemade spa 

C) reading a novel 

D) a day off 

Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A™| 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. It is important that students develop an_of how the Internet can be used. 

(aware, awareness) 

2. The movie bears little _to the original novel, especially the plot 

development, (resemble, resemblance) 

3. The publisher is responsible for obtaining necessary_to reproduce 

illustrations, (permit, permission) 

4. Mothers are often the ones who provide_support for the whole family. 

(emotion, emotional) 

5. The management and unions have reached a _ over new working 

conditions, (settle, settlement) 

6. I can see no possible_for any further tax increases, (justify, justification) 

Section B ^ 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

I \ 

.、、 
\ refresh empower symptom justify I 

i subside manufacture drain nurture i 
‘、、'.:. 

1. The throbbing in my head_a little after I took a warm shower. 

2. Most of those cars were_in China for China's domestic market. 

3. He stayed down there longer than usual, enjoying the_water. 

4. I was so inspired and_by your article and follow-up readings on Barbara's 

blog. 

344 



--- Page 357 ---

5. You don't cure an illness by ignoring it or just fighting the_. 

6. Her teacher recognized and_her musical talent from an early age. 

Unit 12 A Break from Life 

nnWHMHin 

Section C j 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. He piled_fallen leaves in a corner of the yard. 

2. It sounds like you're coming down_the flu. Let me take your temperature. 

3. More than fifty people responded_ 

_the advertisement. 

4. After several trials and failures, their support for this ambitious project gradually slipped 

5. That millionaire has even been tossed_ 

of the house for he had no money 

to pay for the rent. 

6. The nation was reunited and the slaves were 

free. 

軍心? Bridging the Gap 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with a word or a phrase that best completes the passage. You may 

choose a suitable one from the list given. 

one physically through either positive 

in addition to unfortunately get out of free rather than 

Nothing takes its toll on the body like stress. 

the mental damage that it 

causes, stress is also linked to many diseases, including cancer. 言 

言 ,in today's world, 

most of us are experiencing a stressful life with no way to get out of it — or so we think. 

If you are 3_of the many people who want to alleviate your stress, you 

can learn some simple techniques to help you 4_the vicious cycle of leading a 

stressful life. Your stressful life does not just affect you, but everyone around you. It affects 

your relationships as well as any children or co-workers. Most of ail, it can actually make you 

5 ill. 

Do you really want to go 6_the rest of your life feeling "stressed out"? Do you 

like the idea of feeling "out of control" and that everything in life is a trial? Perhaps it is time 

for you to confront this situation and seek help to restore some sort of balance in your life and 

break 7 from this cycle. 

There are many facets to stress. Stress manifests itself in many different ways and can 

be_8_self-induced or something that occurs in life. We can never eliminate stress 

345 



--- Page 358 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

from our lives, as stressful situations are part of life. However, we can learn to react to stress 

in a 娜 manner and take control of the situation 10 allowing the stress to 

remain in control. 

Translation 

r™| 
Section A | 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. Instead of 

to solve each as it arises, (pile up) 

(等问题成了堆)，we should try 

2. They were prompt to_(对我们的求助作出回 

应).(respond to) 

3. The boy_(染上了流行性感冒，不得不卧床休 

息).(come down with) 

4. _(他会被释放）as soon as the fine is paid. 

(set free) 

5. Nothing can_(成为你考试作薛的理由).(justify) 

Section  B] 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

Don't undermine your worth by comparing yourself with others. It is because we are 

different and each of us is special. Don't set your goals by what other people deem important. 

Only you know what is best for you. Don't let life slip through your fingers by living in the past 

or for the future. By living your life one day at a time you live ALL the days of your life. Don't 

be afraid to admit that you are less than perfect. It is this fragile thread that binds us together. 

Don't run through life so fast that you forget not only where you've been, but also where you 

are going. Don't forget that a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated. Don't use 

time or words carelessly. Neither can be retrieved. Life is not a race, but a journey to be savored 

each step of the way. . 

餐 Organizing Your Ideas 

Directions: Put the following sentences in the proper order so that they make a complete 

paragraph. 

1. This is a very common problem. 



--- Page 359 ---

Unit 12 A Break from Life 

2. You might be saying I would go after what I need and want if only I knew what I needed 

or wanted. 

3. We get too busy to take time for ourselves — we become caught up in life. 

4. The real trouble begins when you no longer know what you want — when you lose 

touch with your dreams because they seem so impractical. 

5. We go through the emotions of existence, spinning wildly on the wheel of obligations 

and daily tasks, forgetting what we started out hoping for. 

© Reflecting on the Text 

There are many moments when people feel exhausted and want to feel free. But people 

often give up this idea simply because they cannot really break free from their busy life. Even 

when they do so, they often feel guilty and irresponsible. However, people need to listen to and 

respond to their own needs and care for themselves just like what the author of the above story 

did. Do you agree or disagree with this opinion? Can you list some reasons except illness for 

why people should set themselves free? Give examples to support yourself. 

Text B 

Pre-readina 輸輸timm 

1. Do you have a positive body image? What do you think is the relation between self-esteem 

and body image? 

2. What do you think is important to develop a positive body image? 

Self-Esteem and Body Image 

I'm fat. I'm too skinny. I'd be happy if I were taller, shorter, had curly hair, straight hair, a 

smaller nose, bigger muscles, longer legs. 

Do any of these statements sound familiar? Are you used to putting yourself down? If so, 

you're not alone. As a teen, you're going through a ton of changes in your body. And as your 

body changes, so does your image of yourself. Lots of people have trouble adjusting, and this 

can affect their self-esteem. 

347 



--- Page 360 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

why Are Self-Esteem and Body Image Important? 

Self-esteem is all about how much people value themselves, the pride they feel in 

themselves, and how worthwhile they feel. Self-esteem is important because feeling good about 

yourself can affect how you act. A person who has high self-esteem will make friends easily, is 

more in control of his or her behavior, and will enjoy life more. 

Body image is how someone feels about his or her own physical appearance. For many 

people, especially those in their early teens, body image can be closely linked to self-esteem. 

That's because as kids develop into teens, they care more about how others see them. 

What Influences a Person's Self-Esteem? 

Puberty 

Some teens struggle with their self-esteem when they begin puberty because the body 

goes through many changes. These changes, combined with a natural desire to feel accepted, 

mean it can be tempting for people to compare themselves with others. They may compare 

themselves with the people around them or with actors and celebs^ they see on TV, in movies, 

or in magazines. 

But it's impossible to measure ourselves against others because the changes that come with 

puberty are different for everyone. Some people start developing early; others are late bloomers. 

Some get a temporary layer of fat to prepare for a growth spurt; others fill out permanently, and 

still others feel like they stay skinny no matter how much they eat. It all depends on how our 

genes have programmed our bodies to act. 

The changes that come with puberty can affect how both girls and guys feel about 

themselves. Some girls may feel uncomfortable or embarrassed about their maturing bodies. 

Others may wish that they were developing faster. Girls may feel pressure to be thin but guys 

may feel like they don't look big or muscular enough. 

Outside Influences 

It's not just development that affects self-esteem, though. Many other factors (like media 

images of skinny girls and bulked-up guys) can affect a person's body image too. 

Family life can sometimes influence self-esteem. Some parents spend more time criticizing 

their kids and the way they look than praising them, which can reduce kids' ability to develop 

good self-esteem. 

People also may experience negative comments and hurtful teasing about the way they 

look from classmates and peers. Sometimes racial and ethnic prejudice is the source of such 

comments. Although these often come from ignorance, sometimes they can affect someone's 

body image and self-esteem. 

348 



--- Page 361 ---

Unit 12 A Break from Life 

Healthy Self-Esteem 

If you have a positive body image, you probably like and accept yourself the way you are. 

This healthy attitude allows you to explore other aspects of growing up, such as developing 

good friendships, growing more independent from your parents, and challenging yourself 

physically and mentally. Developing these parts of yourself can help boost your self-esteem. 

A positive, optimistic attitude can help people develop strong self-esteem. For example, 

saying, "Hey, I'm human" instead of "Wow, I'm such a loser" when you've made a mistake, or 

not blaming others when things don't go as expected. 

Knowing what makes you happy and how to meet your goals can help you feel capable, 

strong, and in control of your life. A positive attitude and a healthy lifestyle (such as exercising 

and eating right) are a great combination for building good self-esteem. 

Tips for Improving Your Body Image 

Some people think they need to change how they look or act to feel good about 

themselves. But actually all you need to do is change the way you see your body and how you 

think about yourself. 

The first thing to do is recognize that your body is your own, no matter what shape, size, 

or color it comes in. If you're very worried about your weight or size, check with your doctor 

to verify that things are OK. But it's no one's business but your own what your body is like. 

Ultimately, you have to be happy with yourself. 

Next, identify which aspects of your appearance you can realistically change and which 

you can't. Everyone (even the most perfect-seeming celeb) has things about themselves that they 

can't change and need to accept, like their height, for example, or their shoe size. 

If there are things about yourself that you want to change and can (such as how fit you 

are), do this by making goals for yourself. For example, if you want to get fit, make a plan to 

exercise every day and eat nutritious foods. Then keep track of your progress until you reach 

your goal. Meeting a challenge you set for yourself is a great way to boost self-esteem! 

skinny /'skini/ adj. 

very thin, especially in a way that you find unpleasant 

or ugly极瘦的；干瘦的；皮包骨头的 

curly /'kaili/ adj. 

having a lot of curls or a curved shape 有鬟发（或毛） 

的；卷曲状的 

adjust /9'd3ASt/ v. 

to get used to a new situation by changing the way you 

behave and/or think 适应；习惯 

worthwhile /,w3：0'wail/ adj. 

important, enjoyable, interesting, etc; worth spending 

349 



--- Page 362 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

time, money or effort on重要的；令人愉快的；有趣的; 

值得花时间（或花钱、努力等）的 

puberty /'pjuibati/ n. 

the period of a person's life during which their sexual 

organs develop and they become capable of having 

children青春期 

tempting /'temptir)/ adj. 

something that is tempting is attractive, and makes 

people want to have it, do it, etc.吸引人的；诱人的； 

有吸引力的 

celeb /sa'leb/ n. 

a famous person 名人 

bloomer /'bluimsCrV n. 

a mature grown-up完全成熟的人 

temporary /'temprari/ adj. 

lasting or intended to last or be used only for a short 

time; not permanent短暂的；暂时的；临时的 

spurt /sp3it/ n. 

a sudden increase in speed, effort, activity or emotion 

for a short period of time (速度、干劲、；'舌动或感情的） 

短时激增，迸发 

permanently /'paimanantli/ adv. 

lasting for a long time or for all time in the future; 

existing all the time永久地；永恒地；长久地 

gene /dsiin/ n. 

a unit inside a cell which controls a particular quality 

in a living thing that has been passed on from its 

parents 基因 

embarrassed /im'baersst/ adj. 

(of a person or their behaviour) shy, awkward or 

ashamed, especially in a social situation (人或行为） 

(尤指在社交场合）窘迫的，尴尬的，害羞的 

mature /m9'tju9(r)/ v. 

to become fully grown or developed 成熟；长成 

bulked-up /.bAlkt 'Ap/ adj. 

being bigger, thicker and heavier 胀大的；发起来的 

influence /'influsns/ v. 

to have an effect on the way that somebody behaves 

or thinks, especially by giving them an example to 

follow影响；对…起作用 

criticize /'kritisaiz/ v. 

to say that you disapprove of somebody/something; 

to say what you do not like or think is wrong about 

somebody/something批评；批判；挑剔；指责 

hurtful /'haitfl/ adj. 

(of comments) making you feel upset and offended 伤 

感情的；伤害自尊的 

peer /pi9(r)/ n. 

a person who is the same age or who has the same 

social status as you身份（或地位）相同的人；同龄人； 

同辈 

racial /'reijl/ adj. 

happening or existing between people of different 

races种族的；种族间的 

350 



--- Page 363 ---

Unit 玉2 A 投reak from Life 

ethnic /'e0nik/ adj. 

connected with or belon呂ing to a nation, race or people 

that shares a cultural tradition 种族的；民族的 

prejudice /'pred3udis/ n. 

an unreasonable dislike of or preference for a person, 

group, custom, etc., especially when it is based on their 

race, religion, sex, etc.偏见；成见 

ignorance /'ignsrsns/ n. 

a lack of knowledge or information about something 

无知 

independent /,indi'pendant/ adj. 

having or earning enough money so that you do not 

have to rely on somebody else for help 自立的；自食 

其力的 

boost /buist/ V. 

to make something increase, or become better or more 

successful使增长；使兴狂 

optimistic /.Dpti'mistik/ adj. 

expecting good things to happen or something to be 

successful; showing this feeling 乐观的；抱乐观看法的 

capable /'keipsbl/ adj. 

having the ability or qualities necessary for doing 

something有能力的；有才能的 

lifestyle /'laifstail/ n. 

the way in which a person or a group of people lives 

and works生活方式；工作方式 

combination /.kDinbi'neiJn/ n. 

two or more things joined or mixed together to form a 

single unit结合体；联合体；混合体 

verify /'venfai/ v. 

to check that something is true or accurate 核实；查对； 

核准 

ultimately /'Altimatli/ adv. 

in the end; finally最终；最后；终归 

nutritious /nju'trijas/ adj. 

(of food) very good for you; containing many of the 

substances which help the body to grow 有营养的；营 

养丰富的 

Phrases antf mmimms 

put... down 

to make somebody look or feel stupid, especially in front of other people 使 

go through 

be linked to 

fill out 

feel good 

keep track of 

(当众）出丑；使出洋相；让某人现眼 

to experience or suffer something 经历；遭受 

to be connected in some way 与…有联系 

to become larger, rounder or fatter 膨胀；扩张；长胖；长肥 

to feel happy, confident, etc.感到愉快（或有信心等） 

to have information about what is happening or where somebody/something 

is 了解…的情况（或动态） 

351 



--- Page 364 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

1. Celeb is the short form of the word celebrity. 

rnmtms 

Exercises 

I Checking Your Comprehension 
Section A I 

听 II' II.「I". I 

Directions: Read the following statements and mark Y (for Yes) if the statement agrees with the 

information given in the text; N (for No) if the statement contradicts the information given in the 

text; NG (for Not Given) if the information is not given in the text 

( )1. One's body changes may change one's self-image. 

( )2. Self-esteem is how someone feels about his or her own physical appearance. 

( ) 3. It's possible to measure ourselves against others because the changes that come 

with puberty are not different for everyone. 

( )4. Self-esteem is affected by both inside and outside influences. 

( ) 5. A positive body image allows you to explore other aspects of growing up. 

( )6. There are several tips for improving self-esteem. 

Section 

Directions: Complete the following sentences with the information given in the text 

1. Self-esteem is important because_. 

2. Many factors, such as development and media images of skinny girls and bulked-up 

guys, can affect_. 

3. The many changes some teens go through when they begin puberty mean it can be 

tempting for people_. 

4. _is how someone feels about his or her own physical appearance. 

5. A positive, optimistic attitude can help people develop_. 

6. If there are things about yourself that you want to change and can, you should 

352 



--- Page 365 ---

Unit 12 A Break from Life 

Building Your Vocabulary 

r—I 
Section A| 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. Animals in the zoo have lost the_to catch food for themselves, (capable, 

capability) 

2. It is the_of wit and political analysis that makes his articles so readable. 

(combine, combination) 

3. She went through a period of emotional_ 

after her marriage broke up. 

(adjust, adjustment) 

4. His_behaviour at the dinner table caused much embarrassment, (ignorance, 

ignorant) 

5. The bad reviews of her new book were very_ 

to her. (hurt, hurtful) 

6. She had decided to settle_in France, (permanent, permanently) 

Section B 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where necessary. 

tempt 

verify 

embarrass 

criticize 

prejudice 

vary 

push 

destination 

1. His claims were suspect, but we had no way of_ 

whether these claims 

were trut 

2. It's just that I have got no way of defending or_ 

the things that I wasn't 

involved in. 

3. In college, my friends were too_to head out with me, even for a coffee. 

4. The government was_for not taking the problem seriously. 

5. He wore no jewelry or indication of rank so as not to_robbers during his 

travels. 

6. They must face their own self-image and also try to cope with the_of 

others. 

353 



--- Page 366 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section C 1 

Iwwwnnesi 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. He was put_for the way he worked, especially when others were doing 

everything so effectively. 

2. Pay increases will now be linked_performance in almost all walks of life. 

3. She cares deeply_environmental issues and practices what she believes to 

be green in her everyday life. 

4. I compared the copy_the original, but there was not much difference. 

5. He is amazingly cheerful at the idea of what he is going to go_in the 

upcoming program. 

6. Please don't hesitate to ask if you cannot keep track_what I'm telling you. 

Translation 
Section A] 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1.1 was_(因为回来晚而被责备).(put down) 

2. I_(不计较你采取什么措施)，so long as you 

can finish this task before the deadline, (care about) 

3. Bank statements help you_(记录你资金的 

去向).(keep track of) 

4. I've had some difficulties, but_(和你遇到 

的困难相比不算什么).(compare with) 

5. 下he ultimate success_(使我们对自己10年来 

所做的努力感觉良好).(feel good about) 

Section 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

During one's lifetime it is oneself that one spends the most time being with or dealing 

with. But it is precisely oneself that one has the least understanding of. When you are going 

upwards in life you tend to overestimate yourself. It seems that everything you seek for is 

within your reach; luck and opportunities will come your way and you are overjoyed that they 

constitute part of your worth. When you are going downhill you tend to underestimate yourself, 

mistaking difficulties and adversities for your own incompetence. It's likely that you think it wise 

354 



--- Page 367 ---

for yourself to know your place and stay aloof from the world wearing a mask of cowardice, 

behind which the flow of sap in your life will be retarded. To get a thorough understanding of 

oneself is to gain a correct view of oneself and be a sober realist, aware of both one's strength 

Unit 12 A Break from Life 

and shortage. 

•3 Writing 
Section A I 

SL■_-Ji 

Directions: The following sentences are not concise. Try to improve them. 

Example: 

There are more books 

Revision: There are more books in their library than in ours. 

1. The main point that I will try to make in this paper is that our state should legalize and 

permit gambling. 

2. The exercises that Susan does every day of the week give her more energy with which 

to deal with the happenings of everyday life. 

3. It is a well-known and proven fact that there is no cure yet for the common cold. 

4. Another issue that needs to be mentioned is whether or not the aforementioned 

limitation applies to foreign oil extraction taxes. 

5. Due to the fact that access to internet resources are actually at the present time very 

easy to access in many places, the vast majority of users seek to have those kinds of 

devices that are most easy to carry around with them wherever they go. 

Section B I 

tfrn-Tnrrrl 

Directions: Choose from the following transitional expressions and put them in the blanks in the 

paragraphs. 

< \ 
/ \ 

\ even after only when though for one thing i 
i on the other hand second thus in addition i 

Buying a new puppy can have significant effects on a household. _1_, the 

puppy keeps the entire family awake for at least two solid weeks. Every night when the puppy 

is placed in its box, it begins to howl, yip 伏吹)，and whine (闹声). Z the lights go 

out and the house quiets down, the puppy continues to moan. A(n) 邊 effect is that 

the puppy tortures the family by destroying material possessions. Every day something different 



--- Page 368 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

is damaged. Family members find chewed belts and shoes, gnawed (咬）table legs, and ripped 

sofa cushions leaking stuffing. 4 , the puppy often misses the paper during the paper¬ 
training stage of life, 纖; making the house smell like the public restroom at a city 
bus station. Maybe the most serious problem, 6 , is that the puppy causes family 

arguments. On one hand, parents argue with children about who is supposed to feed and 

walk the dog. 7 , children argue about who gets to play with the puppy first. These 

continual arguments, along with the effects of sleeplessness and the loss of valued possessions, 

can really disrupt a household. 8 the puppy gets a bit older does the household 

settle back to normal. 

Section C I 

iU 咖 iiJI 

Directions: Write a short essay with a clear central idea and effective development in about 150 

words. You should base your writing on the following situation and give consideration to the 

unity, coherence and variety of each paragraph. 

In order to make the best impression in job interviews, more and more 

Chinese college students and recent university graduates are going under 

the knife for cosmetic surgery. Imagine yourself as a cosmetic surgeon 

being interviewed by a newspaper reporter. What comments or advice 

would you give? 

356 



--- Page 369 ---

Unit 12 A Break from Life 

Tips for English Learning 
,、讀.補：y也t邮，嘴等麵画誦麵麵睡‘ 

Improving Your Writing (2) — Achieve Sentence Variety 

There are a number of ways to add variety to your writing. Imagine yourself cutting up a 

sentence into individual words and placing them in a paper bag. Now shake it up! Now lay 

out your sentence and experiment. Can you make two sentences out of one? Can you put your 

sentence back to front? Try turning your sentence into a question. Or, if you think your sentence 

is too short, you may want to add another sentence to it. If you have a really important point, 

perhaps a famous person has said something similar. In other words, there may be a quote you 

can use to strengthen your writing. 

The following tips may help you achieve sentence variety. 

♦ Vary the length of your sentences. In general, use short sentences to emphasize ideas. 

Use longer sentences to explain, define, or illustrate ideas. 

♦ Put key words and ideas at the beginning or end of a sentence. Don't bury a main point 

in the middle of a long sentence. To emphasize key words, place them at the beginning or (better 

yet) at the end. 

♦ Vary sentence types and structures. Vary sentence types by including occasional 

questions and commands. Vary sentence structures by blending simple, compound, and 

complex sentences. 

♦ Use active verbs. Don't overwork the passive voice or forms of the verb "to be". 

Instead, use active verbs in the active voice. 

♦ Use specific nouns and verbs. To convey your message clearly and keep your readers 

engaged, use concrete and specific words that show what you mean. 

357 



--- Page 370 ---

Self-Assessment 3 

第一部分：阅读判断（第1〜10题，每题1分，共10分） 

下面的短文后列出了 10个句子，请根据短文的内容对每个句子作出判断：如果该句 

提供的是正确信息，选择A;如果该句提供的是错误信息，选择B;如果该句的信息文中 

没有提及，选择C。 

Booking Online and Saving the Environment 

When you are looking to book a holiday, it is unlikely that you will think about how green 

your booking decision is, but it is definitely something that should be taken into consideration. By 

"green，，we are of course talking about the impact on the environment. 

When looking to book a holiday, you will probably find that you are faced with two main 

decisions. The first is to go into a travel agency, pick up a stack of brochures half the size of a person, 

read through them and go back with just the one and book with the travel agents directly or over the 

phone. The second is to miss out the shops and brochures altogether and go onto the Internet. 

The Internet holds many advantages over the high street travel agents, the main one being 

convenience. You can go online to look at holidays at any time of the day, whether it is in that 20 

minutes before work starts in the morning, half an hour at your desk at lunchtime or even at home 

on your laptop in 任ont of the television at night. There are no time constraints to going online, 

while the travel agents are usually massively busy at times when people can actually go, i.e. lunch 

hours or at the weekend. You could use the telephone but you wouldn’t be able to see the pictures 

or all the details of the holidays, so you would probably be sent a brochure anyway. 

There are websites on the Internet that make shopping for holiday deals much easier. These 

websites are known as price comparison websites. Icelolly, Travel Supermarket and Deal Checker 

are examples of some of the best-known price comparison sites to look for cheap holiday deals, 

and they essentially search through lots of different tour operators so that you don’t have to. The 

results are then displayed on one page from which you can book, meaning that you don’t even 

need a lot of time to do this. - 

The contrast with the travel agencies is that you probably have to take two trips, with 

brochure reading in between, and this is where the green side of things comes in. The piles and 

piles of brochures are definitely not green, and the amount of unnecessary paper used can’t be 

good for the environment. In the days of the Internet, smartphone, tablets and computers, there 

is really no need for such a large amount of paper to be wasted. So not only will it save you time 

and effort to book online, it will do a little bit towards saving the environment too! 

