

--- Page 183 ---

Unit 4 Th拉：loy of W/orti 

How to Start Your Own Business 

The paradox of starting your own business lies in the simultaneous challenge and reward, 

making it an experience unlike any other. So many businesses fail, and most entrepreneurs 

exclude themselves from the possibility. The tragic reality is that when businesses fail, the 

passion often dies with it. By following some sound advice and being prepared for the process, 

you will decrease your chances of losing a lot more than you bargained for. I have recently 

started a business and have learned some crucial lessons in the process that I feel privileged to 

share with you. 

1. Identify your motivation. Why do you want to start your own business? To have more 

time? To make more money? To be your own boss? To have creative control over what you love 

to do? Write out all of your motivating factors and prioritize them. When you see them listed, 

you might see a pattern in that you're just unhappy at your current job and starting your own 

business isn't the answer. 

2. Identify your passion. What do you love to do? What skills and knowledge do you 

uniquely bring to the table? What gets you excited about your work? Keep that passion at the 

forefront of your business plan, your marketing strategies, and your daily routine. If you keep 

your passion in plain sight, you will stay focused on the purpose of your business and not solely 

on the logistics. 

3. Identify your market. If you are starting your business locally, research your 

competitors. Determine if there is room in the market for your business. What will you do 

differently to draw in customers? What niche market^ are the other businesses missing? If you 

are starting an Internet company, research the requirements for your own unique Web presence. 

Your business cannot survive without customers, so do enough research on the front end to 

determine if there are enough potential clients to keep your business alive. 

4. Identify your finances. If you have ever purchased a new home, you know that the 

financial obligations extend beyond the down payment and the mortgage. You have to buy 

furniture, trash cans, a garage door opener, light fixtures and landscaping equipment, and before 

you know it, you've far exceeded your financial boundaries. That can happen just as easily in a. 

business. Do exhaustive financial planning. Meet with a financial advisor or someone at your 

bank to examine the financial viability of your business and the process of getting it up and 

running. Plan wisely and do not assume the best about your business. Be prepared for financial 

loss and get advice on how to alleviate that burden in the future. 

5. Identify your support system. Seek out advice from seasoned business owners, even 

those in your own field. Develop relationships with people who can offer sound advice and 



--- Page 184 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

criticism that you might not see. If there is a business owner in your community or in your 

network that you aspire to model, examine his or her business practices and how they handle 

various situations. Ask for counsel before big decisions, and even create your own makeshift 

Board of Directors^ to help guide you in the planning and start-up process. 

Once you have all of these elements in place, you are prepared to start the process of 

developing a business plan, applying for a license, establishing a marketing presence, etc. 

Owning your own business can be unparalleled in the professional world, and if you surround 

yourself with wise counsel, you can have a career that daily feeds your passion. 

圓e曹Wmr^m 

paradox /'paersdoks/ n. 

a person, thing or situation that has two opposite 

features and therefore seems strange 矛盾的人（或事 

情、情巧） 

simultaneous /.simrteinbs/ adj. 

happening or done at the same time as something 

else同时发生（或进行）的；同步的 

reward /ri'woid/ n. 

a thing that you are given because you have done 

something good, worked hard, etc.奖励；回报；报酬 

entrepreneur /.Dntrspra'nsiCrV n. 

a person who makes money by starting or running 

businesses, especially when this involves taking 

financial risks创业者；企业家 

exclude /ik'skluid/ v. 

to prevent somebody/something from entering a place 

or taking part in something把…排斥在外;防止…进入； 

阻止…参加 

tragic /'traed3ik/ adj. 

making you feel very sad, usually because somebody 

has died or suffered a lot悲惨的；悲痛的；可悲的 

passion /'paejn/ n. 

a very strong feeling of love, hatred, anger, enthusiasm, 

etc.强烈情感；激情 

sound /saund/ adj. 

sensible; that you can rely on and that will probably 

give good results明智的；合理的；正确的；可靠的 

process /'prauses/ n. 

a series of things that are done in order to achieve a 

particular result (为达到某一目标的）过程；进程 

crucial /'kruijl/ adj. 

extremely important, because it will affect other 

things至关重要的；关键的 

privileged /'priV9lid3d/ adj. 

having an opportunity to do something that makes you 

motivation /,m9uti'veijn/ n. 

a reason for doing something 动机；原因 

feel proud荣幸的；幸运的 

172 



--- Page 185 ---

Unit 4 The Joy of Work 

prioritize /prai'Drstaiz/ v. 

to put tasks, problems, etc. in order of importance, so 

that you can deal with the most important first 按重要 

性排列；划分优先顺序 

pattern /'paetn/ n. 

the regular way in which something happens or is 

done模式；方式 

strat«^gy /'straetadsi/ n. 

the process of planning something or putting a plan into 

operation in a skilful way策划；规划；部署；统筹安排 

routine /rui'tiin/ n. 

the normal order and way in which you regularly do 

things常规；正常顺序 

sight /salt/ n. 

the area or distance within which somebody can see or 

something can be seen 视力范围；视野 

solely /'sQulli/ adv. 

only; not involving somebody/something else 仅；只； 

唯；单独地 

logistics /b'd3istiks/ n. 

the practical organization that is needed to make a 

complicated plan successful when a lot of people and 

equipment is involved后勤；物流；组织工作 

locally /'buksli/ adu. 

in the area where you live or that you are talking 

about在本地 

competitor /ksm'petitsCr)/ n. 

a person or an organization that competes against 

others, especially in business (尤指商业方面的）竞争 

者，对手 

room /ruim/ n. 

the possibility of sth existing or happening, the 

opportunity to do sth 可能性；机会 

niche /ni:// n. 

an opportunity to sell a particular product to a 

particular group of people (商品的）商机；市场定位 

unique /ju'niik/ adj. 

very special or unusual 独特的；罕见的 

survive /ss'vaiv/ v. 

to continue to live or exist 生存；存活；继续存在 

client /'klaiant/ n. 

a person who uses the services or advice of a 

professional person or organization 客户；顾客 

finance /'fainaens/ n. 

finances [pi.] the money available to a person, an 

organization or a country; the way this money is 

managed (个人、组织、国家的）财力，财源，财务 

管理 

purchase /'psitjos/ v. 

to buy something 购买；采购 

obligation /.Dbli'geijn/ n. 

something which you must do because you have 

promised, because of a law, etc.(己承诺的或法律等规 

定的）义务，责任 

173 



--- Page 186 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

down payment /,daun 'pennant/ n. 

a sum of money that is given as the first part of a larger 

payment (分期付款的）首期付款；预付金；定金 

mortgage /'mo:gid3/ n. 

a legal agreement by which a bank or similar 

organization lends you money to buy a house, etc. and 

you pay the money back over a particular number of 

years; the sum of money that you borrow 按揭；按揭 

贷款 

trash can /'traej kaen/ n. 

a bin that holds rubbish until it is collected 垃圾桶 

garage /'gaerai3/ n. 

a building for keeping one or more cars or other 

vehicles in停车房；车库 

fixture /'fikstJoCrV n. 

a thing such as a bath/bathtub or a toilet that is fixed in 

a house and that you do not take with you when you 

move house固定设施 

landscape /'laendskeip/ v. 

to improve the appearance of an area of land by 

changing the design and planting trees, flowers, etc. 

对…做景观美化；美化…的环境 

exceed /ik'siid/ v. 

to be greater than a particular number or amount 超过 

(数量） 

boundary /'baundri/ n. 

a real or imagined line that marks the limits or edges of 

something and separates it from other things or places; 

a dividing line边界；界限；分界线 

exhaustive /ig'zoistiv/ adj. 

including everything possible; very thorough or 

complete详尽的；彻底的 

viability /.vais'bibti/ n. 

the possibility that something can be done and will be 

successful 可行性 

run lvA.nl v. 

to operate or function; to make something do this (使） 

运转，运行：操作 

assume /a'sjuim/ v. 

to think or accept that something is true but without 

having proof of it假定；假设；认为 

alleviate /a'liivieit/ v. 

seasoned /'siiznd/ adj. 

to make something less severe 减轻；缓和；缓解 

having a lot of experience of a particular activity 富有 

offer /'ofaCrV v. 

经验的；老于此道的 

to say that you are willing to do something for 

somebody or give something to somebody 主云力提出； 

自愿给予 

aspire /o'spaisCr)/ v. 

to have a strong desire to achieve or to become 

various /'veariss/ adj. 

several, different各种不同的；各种各样的 

something渴望（成就）；有志（成为） 

174 



--- Page 187 ---

Unit 4 The Joy of Work 

counsel /'kaunsl/ n. 

advice, especially given by older people or experts; a 

piece of advice劝告；忠告；建议 

makeshift /'meikjift/ adj. 

used temporarily for a particular purpose because the 

real thing is not available临时替代的；权宜的 

license /'laisns/ n. 

an official document that shows that permission has 

been given to do, own or use something 许可证；执照 

presence /'prezns/ n. 

(of a thing or a substance) the fact of being in a 

particular place or thing 存在；出现 

unparalleled /An'paersleld/ adj. used to emphasize that something is bigger, better or 

worse than anything else like it 无比的；无双的；空前 

的；绝无仅有的 

professional /,pr9'fej9iil/ adj. connected with a job that needs special training or skill, 

especially one that needs a high level of education 耳只 

业的；专业的 

career /ka'riaCr)/ n. 

the series of jobs that a person has in a particular area 

of work, usually involving more responsibility as time 

passes生涯；职业 

feed /fiid/ v. 

to satisfy a need, desire, etc. and keep it strong 满足（希 

望、愿望、欲望等） 

Phrases antf 誦ssiwms 

lie in to exist or be found 存在；在于 

bargain for 

(usually in negative sentences) to expect something to happen and 

be/feel privileged to do 

to have an opportunity to do something that makes you feel 

be prepared for it预料到；料想到 

proud荣幸地做某事 

bring ... to the table 

to contribute something useful to a discussion, project, etc.带来 

好处 

at/in/to the forefront of... 

in or into an important or leading position in a particular group or 

in plain sight 

if something is in plain sight, it is easy to see or notice, especially 

activity处在最前列；进入重要地位 

get... up 

seek out 

in place 

apply for 

when it should be hidden 显而易见 

to arrange or organize something 安排；组织 

to look for and find somebody/something, especially when this 

means using a lot of effort 寻求 

working or ready to work在王作；准备就绪 

to make a formal request, usually in writing, for something such as 

a job, a place at college, university, etc.(通常 W书面形式）申请， 

请求 

175 



--- Page 188 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

1. Niche market —A business that focuses on a niche market is addressing a need for a product 

or service that is not being addressed by mainstream providers. You can think of a niche 

market as a narrowly defined group of potential customers. 

2. Board of Directors —A board of directors is a body of elected or appointed members who 

jointly oversee the activities of a company or organization. It is often simply referred to as "the 

board". 

iMrcises 

Checking Your Comprehension 

Section A 

Directions: Read the following statements and mark Y (for Yes) if the statement agrees with the 

information given in the text; N (for No) if the statement contradicts the information given in the 

text; NG (for Not Given) if the information is not given in the text 

( ) 1.The tragic reality is that the passion often dies along with the failure of the 

business. 

( )2. If you want to start your own business, you should take advertising into 

consideration. 

( )3. That you are unhappy with your current job might be the reason for you to start a 

business. 

( )4. When making business plans, you should not give too much consideration to your 

passion. 

( ) 5. To keep your business alive, you should cooperate with your competitors. 

( ) 6. In starting a business, you'd better follow the model in your own field. 

Section B_| 

Directions: Complete the following sentences with the information given in the text 

1. Starting your own business brings in_. - 

2. Your business cannot survive if you don't have enough_. 

3. Taking your passion into consideration, you will stay focused on_ 

4. In doing business, it is very likely for you to exceed_. 

5. You should establish relationships with people who can offer_. 

6. A makeshift Board of Directors will guide you in_. 

176 



--- Page 189 ---

Unit 4 The Joy of Work 

Building Your Vocabulary 

Section A I 

I■■……j 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with the correct choice of the words 

given in the brackets. 

1. This_study was conducted by the Royal Institute of Technology, (exhaust, 

exhaustive) 

2. In these jungle areas, every day is a fight for_. (survival, survive) 

3. They are seeking financial support from_sources, (vary, various) 

4. These methods can help to increase students'_and interest, (motivate, 

motivation) 

5. This adds to their knowledge about the_ 

they are pursuing, (profession, 

professional) 

6. Many firms are struggling to survive in a highly 

marketplace, (competitive, 

compete) 

Section B 

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the words given below. Change the form where 口ecessa/y. 

routine 

assume 

prioritize 

pattern 

exclude 

exceed 

sound 

unique 

1. Following his parents' 

advice, Dr. Francis developed an interest in 

science. 

2. That figure_ 

_total foreign purchases in the first four months this year. 

3. It is wise to 

_questions in your order of preference. 

4. All the manufacturers try to add something_to set their devices apart. 

5. He exhibited nearly the same behaviour_ 

as his younger brother. 

6. It shouldn't take too long to get back to our old 

177 



--- Page 190 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section C 1 
B_J 

Directions: Complete each of the following sentences with a suitable word. 

1. Their di佈culty lies_not knowing what to do next. 

2. The committee now has to decide whether to exclude him 

the 

competition. 

3. I did not bargain_her coming too. 

4. Corbett resolved to seek_the truth. 

5. You have to apply to the passport office_a visa. 

6. We didn't have the structure_place to deal with so many orders. 

4 Translation 

Section a 

Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases in the 

brackets. 

1. _(所有有幸和他一起王作的人）have special 

memories, (feel / be privileged to do ) 

2. In order to prevent this type of accident occurring again,_ 

_俄们需要安排保安人员到场).（in place) 

3. I think _ (我们完全可W确认他不在城里). 

(assume) 

4. 下here are concerns that_(难民可能度不过 

送个冬天).(survive) 

5. There are tough penalties_(那些超速的司 

机).(exceed) 

Section B i 

iwwaaanwJi 

Directions: Translate the following paragraph into Chinese. 

Before you make up your mind about which way to go, take a hard, honest look at 

your motivation for starting a company. Too many people are looking to get rich, escape the 

corporate grind, and work shorter hours with more free time. None of those reasons is likely 

to lead to success. If you are focused on solving a customer problem or need, believe you 

can do what you do better than anyone else, dying to work long hours, wear many hats, and 

juggle endless responsibilities, then you have the right startup mindset. You also need certain 

178 



--- Page 191 ---

personality traits. One of them is a willingness to work very hard all by yourself, at least for the 

first year or so (and possibly longer). 

Unit 4 The Joy of Work 

嚇 Writing 
Section A] 

Directions: The following sentences are grammatically incorrect or incoherent. Improve them. 

；v'.: 

Revision: The number of pages for daily reading has been increased. 

1. Anybody would feel the same way if you had a teacher like mine. 

2.1 read an interesting story in a magazine about sportsmen. 

3. The climate in the coastal cities is much warmer than in the interior ones. 

4. Running down the hill, the farmhouse came into view. 

5. To get ready for the trip, all the things he needed were put into a suitcase. 

Section 陵 I 

Directions: Supply a topic sentence for the following paragraph. 

_. Successful first dates include both parties 

expressing information about what they like, who they are, and so forth. Usually, these dates 

will end in tentative plans for a second one. Clingy 觸附的）dates end up with one of the 

parties practically begging for information about the other. However, the non-clinger is not 

interested. On boastful dates, one member of the duo (—对）talks about all of his or her skills, 

talents, and abilities. The listening end of the pair is never asked about his or her life. Awkward 

first dates generally involve lots of silence or one or both of the partners not knowing how to 

act appropriately. While many dates occur every day, they can generally fall into one of these 

categories. 

179 



--- Page 192 ---

英语（二）自学教程 

Section C { 

LmmhmJI 

Directions: Write a short essay with a clear central idea and effective development in about 150 

words. You should base your writing on the following information and give consideration to the 

unity, coherence and variety of each paragraph. 

There was a time when most people expected to get out of school, find a job, 

and stick with it pretty much for the rest of their lives. Today, the opposite is 

true. People tend to change jobs fairly often, for various reasons. When you 

graduate from college, will you be committed to a lifetime career or job-hop 

often ^ Give your reasons. 

Tips for English Learning 
義議讀感違癌 

Building up Your Vocabulary (4) — Use Word Formation Charts 

Word formation is one of the keys to successful English learning. Advanced level English 

exams tend to use word formation as one of the key testing elements. You may use the existing 

word formation charts to facilitate your vocabulary learning. You can also create something 

similar of your own. The following is a sample formation chart which provides the concept 

noun, personal noun, adjective and verb forms of some key vocabulary. 

180 



--- Page 193 ---

Unit 4 The Joy of Work 

Concept noun 

Personal noun 

Adjective 

Verb 

accounting 

accountant 

accountable 

account 

accusation 

accuser 

accusing 

accuse 

achievement 

achiever 

achievable 

achieve 

administration 

administrator 

administrative 

administrate 

admiration 

admirer 

advice 

analysis 

adviser 

analyst 

admiring 

advisory 

admire 

advise 

analytical 

analyze 

competition 

competitor 

competitive 

compete 

education 

educator 

educational 

educate 

destruction 

destroyer 

destructive 

destroy 

181 

